net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/ThreeStepCrypticClueTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.ThreeStepCrypticClueTest
net/runelite/client/menus/MenuManagerTest.java
 net.runelite.client.menus.MenuManagerTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/hiscore/HiscorePanelTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hiscore.HiscorePanelTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatfilter/ChatFilterPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatfilter.ChatFilterPluginTest
net/runelite/client/util/ColorUtilTest.java
 net.runelite.client.util.ColorUtilTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemcharges/ItemChargePluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemcharges.ItemChargePluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangePluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangePluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/discord/DiscordStateTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordStateTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenshot/ScreenshotPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenshot.ScreenshotPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangeOfferSlotTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeOfferSlotTest
net/runelite/client/OkHttpCacheSanityTest.java
 net.runelite.client.OkHttpCacheSanityTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatcommands/ChatCommandsPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatcommands.ChatCommandsPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/specialcounter/SpecialCounterPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.specialcounter.SpecialCounterPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/emojis/EmojiPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.emojis.EmojiPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/FarmingTrackerTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingTrackerTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemidentification/ItemIdentificationTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemidentification.ItemIdentificationTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/idlenotifier/IdleNotifierPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.idlenotifier.IdleNotifierPluginTest
net/runelite/client/config/ChatColorConfigTest.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ChatColorConfigTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/loottracker/LootTrackerPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/timers/TimersPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.TimersPluginTest
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.TimersPluginTest$1InstantRef
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.TimersPluginTest$2InstantRef
net/runelite/client/chat/ChatMessageManagerTest.java
 net.runelite.client.chat.ChatMessageManagerTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/cooking/CookingPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cooking.CookingPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/friendlist/FriendListPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.friendlist.FriendListPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/GroundItemsPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItemsPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/cannon/CannonPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cannon.CannonPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/slayer/SlayerPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.slayer.SlayerPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/npchighlight/NpcIndicatorsPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npchighlight.NpcIndicatorsPluginTest
net/runelite/client/ui/ContainableFrameTest.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.ContainableFrameTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/xpglobes/XpGlobesPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xpglobes.XpGlobesPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/examine/ExaminePluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.examine.ExaminePluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/ClueScrollPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.ClueScrollPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/hotcold/HotColdLocationTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.hotcold.HotColdLocationTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatnotifications/ChatNotificationsPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatnotifications.ChatNotificationsPluginTest
net/runelite/client/plugins/opponentinfo/OpponentInfoPluginTest.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.opponentinfo.OpponentInfoPluginTest
