net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/slayer/Trail.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.slayer.Trail
net/runelite/client/events/PartyMemberAvatar.java
 net.runelite.client.events.PartyMemberAvatar
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenmarkers/ScreenMarkerCreationOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ScreenMarkerCreationOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/SingleEffect.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.SingleEffect
net/runelite/client/plugins/runecraft/AbyssRifts.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runecraft.AbyssRifts
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/GLUtil.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.GLUtil
net/runelite/client/game/ItemVariationMapping.java
 net.runelite.client.game.ItemVariationMapping
 net.runelite.client.game.ItemVariationMapping$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/stretchedmode/TranslateMouseListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.stretchedmode.TranslateMouseListener
com/openosrs/client/game/WorldLocation.java
 com.openosrs.client.game.WorldLocation
 com.openosrs.client.game.WorldLocation$Location
net/runelite/client/plugins/loottracker/LootTrackerPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerPanel$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/VirtualKeyboard.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.VirtualKeyboard
net/runelite/client/plugins/friendlist/FriendListConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.friendlist.FriendListConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/LocalPlayerStatus/LocalPlayerStatusConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.LocalPlayerStatus.LocalPlayerStatusConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/twitch/TwitchPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.twitch.TwitchPlugin
net/runelite/client/util/CallableExceptionLogger.java
 net.runelite.client.util.CallableExceptionLogger
net/runelite/client/plugins/inventorygrid/InventoryGridPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.inventorygrid.InventoryGridPlugin
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigTitle.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigTitle
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/item/AllRequirementsCollection.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.item.AllRequirementsCollection
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/item/RangeItemRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.item.RangeItemRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/playerindicators/PlayerIndicatorsMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.playerindicators.PlayerIndicatorsMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/CoordinateClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.CoordinateClue
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.CoordinateClue$CoordinateClueInfo
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/lightbox/LightboxSolution.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.lightbox.LightboxSolution
com/openosrs/client/ui/JMultilineLabel.java
 com.openosrs.client.ui.JMultilineLabel
net/runelite/client/plugins/corp/CorpConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.corp.CorpConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/wintertodt/WintertodtPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wintertodt.WintertodtPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wintertodt.WintertodtPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/loottracker/LootTrackerMapping.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerMapping
net/runelite/client/plugins/pyramidplunder/PyramidPlunderTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.pyramidplunder.PyramidPlunderTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/misc/Seeds.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.misc.Seeds
net/runelite/client/NonScheduledExecutorServiceExceptionLogger.java
 net.runelite.client.NonScheduledExecutorServiceExceptionLogger
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/DCGroundItemsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCGroundItemsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCGroundItemsPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCGroundItemsPlugin$PriceHighlight
net/runelite/client/plugins/tearsofguthix/TearsOfGuthixPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tearsofguthix.TearsOfGuthixPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tearsofguthix.TearsOfGuthixPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/util/ReflectUtil.java
 net.runelite.client.util.ReflectUtil
 net.runelite.client.util.ReflectUtil$PrivateLookupHelper
 net.runelite.client.util.ReflectUtil$PrivateLookupableClassLoader
net/runelite/client/plugins/skybox/Skybox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skybox.Skybox
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skybox.Skybox$ChunkMapper
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/GpuPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.GpuPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.GpuPlugin$ComputeMode
net/runelite/client/ui/components/colorpicker/ColorPickerManager.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.ColorPickerManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/CalculatorType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.CalculatorType
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/config/ItemHighlightMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.config.ItemHighlightMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/timers/ElapsedTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.ElapsedTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/potions/PrayerPotion.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.potions.PrayerPotion
net/runelite/client/plugins/lowmemory/LowMemoryConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.lowmemory.LowMemoryConfig
net/runelite/client/events/InfoBoxMenuClicked.java
 net.runelite.client.events.InfoBoxMenuClicked
net/runelite/client/plugins/prayer/PrayerCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.prayer.PrayerCounter
net/runelite/client/config/Range.java
 net.runelite.client.config.Range
net/runelite/client/plugins/inventoryviewer/InventoryViewerPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.inventoryviewer.InventoryViewerPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.inventoryviewer.InventoryViewerPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/tooltip/TooltipOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.tooltip.TooltipOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/Food.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.Food
net/runelite/client/SessionClient.java
 net.runelite.client.SessionClient
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/solver/LayoutSolver.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.solver.LayoutSolver
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/VarrockDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.VarrockDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/slayer/BlastOff.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.slayer.BlastOff
net/runelite/client/plugins/implings/ImplingType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.implings.ImplingType
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/solver/PuzzleSolver.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.solver.PuzzleSolver
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/item/ItemRequirements.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.item.ItemRequirements
net/runelite/client/plugins/specialcounter/SpecialWeapon.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.specialcounter.SpecialWeapon
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/OrRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.OrRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpGoalTimeType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpGoalTimeType
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/WorldHopperConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldHopperConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/blueDragon/BlueDragonPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.blueDragon.BlueDragonPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/KourendDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.KourendDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/hunter/BirdHouse.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.hunter.BirdHouse
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/config/MenuHighlightMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.config.MenuHighlightMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/GpuFloatBuffer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.GpuFloatBuffer
net/runelite/client/plugins/cannon/CannonPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cannon.CannonPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/banktags/tabs/TabSprites.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.tabs.TabSprites
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/TabContentPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.TabContentPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.TabContentPanel$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgroundmarkers/DCGroundMarkerOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgroundmarkers.DCGroundMarkerOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/leftclickcast/LeftClickConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.leftclickcast.LeftClickConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/PartyPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.PartyPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/mining/MiningRocksOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.MiningRocksOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/components/colorpicker/ColorPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.ColorPanel
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.ColorPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.ColorPanel$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/Combo.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.Combo
net/runelite/client/plugins/defaultworld/DefaultWorldConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.defaultworld.DefaultWorldConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/npchighlight/NpcSceneOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npchighlight.NpcSceneOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/PartyPingOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.PartyPingOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/DevToolsButton.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.DevToolsButton
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/banktags/tabs/TagTab.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.tabs.TagTab
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/Utility.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.Utility
net/runelite/client/plugins/notes/NotesConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.notes.NotesConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/barbarianassault/Round.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barbarianassault.Round
net/runelite/client/plugins/metronome/MetronomePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.metronome.MetronomePlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/StatsChanges.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.StatsChanges
net/runelite/client/plugins/groundmarkers/GroundMarkerPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.groundmarkers.GroundMarkerPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.groundmarkers.GroundMarkerPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/config/FlashNotification.java
 net.runelite.client.config.FlashNotification
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemcharges/ItemChargeInfobox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemcharges.ItemChargeInfobox
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/WorldTableRow.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldTableRow
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldTableRow$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldTableRow$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/CropState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.CropState
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatcommands/ChatKeyboardListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatcommands.ChatKeyboardListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/randomevents/RandomEventConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.randomevents.RandomEventConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/WidgetField.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.WidgetField
net/runelite/client/plugins/cannon/CannonCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cannon.CannonCounter
net/runelite/client/plugins/discord/DiscordAreaType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordAreaType
net/runelite/client/plugins/timers/IndicatorIndicator.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.IndicatorIndicator
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcobjectindicators/ObjectPoint.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcobjectindicators.ObjectPoint
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemprices/ItemPricesConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemprices.ItemPricesConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/instancemap/InstanceMapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.instancemap.InstanceMapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/agility/LapCounterOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.agility.LapCounterOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/TimeTrackingConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.TimeTrackingConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/timers/GameTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.GameTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/specialcounter/SpecialCounterConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.specialcounter.SpecialCounterConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/config/PriceDisplayMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.config.PriceDisplayMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/MyItems.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.MyItems
net/runelite/client/util/HotkeyListener.java
 net.runelite.client.util.HotkeyListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcplayerindicators/DCPlayerIndicatorsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcplayerindicators.DCPlayerIndicatorsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/skilling/Darts.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.skilling.Darts
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/ProfilePatch.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.ProfilePatch
net/runelite/client/plugins/tithefarm/TitheFarmPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tithefarm.TitheFarmPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/config/MenuHighlightMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.config.MenuHighlightMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/FavourRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.FavourRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/loottracker/LootTrackerPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/npcunaggroarea/NpcAggroAreaNotWorkingOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npcunaggroarea.NpcAggroAreaNotWorkingOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/slayer/DCSlayerPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.slayer.DCSlayerPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.slayer.DCSlayerPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.slayer.DCSlayerPlugin$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.slayer.DCSlayerPlugin$3
net/runelite/client/plugins/animsmoothing/AnimationSmoothingConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.animsmoothing.AnimationSmoothingConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/skilling/Runes.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.skilling.Runes
net/runelite/client/plugins/keyremapping/KeyRemappingConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.keyremapping.KeyRemappingConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/kingdomofmiscellania/KingdomCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kingdomofmiscellania.KingdomCounter
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/switches/SwitchesOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.switches.SwitchesOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/OverlayBounds.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayBounds
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayBounds$1
net/runelite/client/config/Alpha.java
 net.runelite.client.config.Alpha
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemcharges/ItemChargeConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemcharges.ItemChargeConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/customcursor/CustomCursorConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.customcursor.CustomCursorConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/charge/ChargeConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.charge.ChargeConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/config/ItemHighlightMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.config.ItemHighlightMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpTrackerServiceImpl.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpTrackerServiceImpl
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpState
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/autoprayflick/AutoPrayFlickConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.autoprayflick.AutoPrayFlickConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/playerindicators/PlayerIndicatorsService.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.playerindicators.PlayerIndicatorsService
net/runelite/client/plugins/kourendlibrary/Bookcase.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.Bookcase
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/WidgetItemNode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.WidgetItemNode
net/runelite/client/plugins/playerindicators/PlayerIndicatorsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.playerindicators.PlayerIndicatorsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.playerindicators.PlayerIndicatorsPlugin$Decorations
com/openosrs/client/util/Groups.java
 com.openosrs.client.util.Groups
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenmarkers/ui/ScreenMarkerPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel$10
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel$3
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel$4
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel$5
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel$6
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel$7
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel$8
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPanel$9
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/switches/SpecialWeapon.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.switches.SpecialWeapon
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastfurnace/BlastFurnaceOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastfurnace.BlastFurnaceOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/alchemy/Cupboard.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.alchemy.Cupboard
net/runelite/client/plugins/PluginDependencies.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.PluginDependencies
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/WildernessDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.WildernessDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/input/MouseListener.java
 net.runelite.client.input.MouseListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/slayer/TargetMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.slayer.TargetMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/combatlevel/CombatLevelPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.combatlevel.CombatLevelPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/slayer/Task.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.slayer.Task
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/GroundItemInputListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItemInputListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/fairyring/FairyRings.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fairyring.FairyRings
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangeSearchPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeSearchPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/info/InfoPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.info.InfoPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastfurnace/BlastFurnacePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastfurnace.BlastFurnacePlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/prayer/PrayerDoseOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.prayer.PrayerDoseOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/BuyMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.BuyMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/fishing/FishingPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fishing.FishingPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/config/HighlightTier.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.config.HighlightTier
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.config.HighlightTier$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenshot/ScreenshotOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenshot.ScreenshotOverlay
net/runelite/client/events/NavigationButtonAdded.java
 net.runelite.client.events.NavigationButtonAdded
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/slayer/DCSlayerConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.slayer.DCSlayerConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/hunter/TrapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hunter.TrapOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hunter.TrapOverlay$1
net/runelite/client/callback/Hooks.java
 net.runelite.client.callback.Hooks
 net.runelite.client.callback.Hooks$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpActionType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpActionType
net/runelite/client/config/RuneScapeProfileType.java
 net.runelite.client.config.RuneScapeProfileType
com/openosrs/client/util/PvPUtil.java
 com.openosrs.client.util.PvPUtil
net/runelite/client/plugins/minimap/MinimapConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.minimap.MinimapConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastfurnace/BarsOres.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastfurnace.BarsOres
net/runelite/client/util/PvPUtil.java
 net.runelite.client.util.PvPUtil
net/runelite/client/plugins/mining/MiningPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.MiningPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.MiningPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/events/ConfigChanged.java
 net.runelite.client.events.ConfigChanged
net/runelite/client/plugins/woodcutting/WoodcuttingPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.woodcutting.WoodcuttingPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.woodcutting.WoodcuttingPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/fishing/FishingSpotOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fishing.FishingSpotOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/Spells.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.Spells
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/OpenCLManager.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.OpenCLManager
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.OpenCLManager$1
com/openosrs/client/game/NPCManager.java
 com.openosrs.client.game.NPCManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/RaidsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RaidsOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RaidsOverlay$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/discord/DiscordUserInfo.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordUserInfo
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/tooltip/TooltipManager.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.tooltip.TooltipManager
net/runelite/client/util/LinkBrowser.java
 net.runelite.client.util.LinkBrowser
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/config/DespawnTimerMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.config.DespawnTimerMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/friendnotes/FriendNotesConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.friendnotes.FriendNotesConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/emojis/Emoji.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.emojis.Emoji
net/runelite/client/RuneLite.java
 net.runelite.client.RuneLite
 net.runelite.client.RuneLite$1
 net.runelite.client.RuneLite$2
 net.runelite.client.RuneLite$3
 net.runelite.client.RuneLite$ConfigFileConverter
net/runelite/client/plugins/slayer/TargetClickboxOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.slayer.TargetClickboxOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemprices/ItemPricesPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemprices.ItemPricesPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/kourendlibrary/Library.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.Library
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpWorldType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpWorldType
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpWorldType$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpWorldType$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpWorldType$3
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/WildcardMatchLoader.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.WildcardMatchLoader
com/openosrs/client/ui/overlay/components/table/TableAlignment.java
 com.openosrs.client.ui.overlay.components.table.TableAlignment
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/DCItemThreshold.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCItemThreshold
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCItemThreshold$Inequality
net/runelite/client/plugins/barrows/BarrowsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barrows.BarrowsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/feed/FeedPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.feed.FeedPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.feed.FeedPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/twitch/irc/TwitchListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.twitch.irc.TwitchListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpStateSingle.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpStateSingle
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpStateSingle$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/clocks/Stopwatch.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.Stopwatch
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/WorldSwitcherPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldSwitcherPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldSwitcherPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldSwitcherPanel$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldSwitcherPanel$3
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldSwitcherPanel$4
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldSwitcherPanel$5
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldSwitcherPanel$WorldOrder
net/runelite/client/plugins/friendnotes/HoveredFriend.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.friendnotes.HoveredFriend
net/runelite/client/plugins/interfacestyles/InterfaceStylesPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.interfacestyles.InterfaceStylesPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/timers/GameTimerImageType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.GameTimerImageType
net/runelite/client/ui/components/MouseDragEventForwarder.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.MouseDragEventForwarder
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenmarkers/ScreenMarker.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ScreenMarker
net/runelite/client/plugins/cannon/CannonOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cannon.CannonOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/PluginManager.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.PluginManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/solver/pathfinding/Pathfinder.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.solver.pathfinding.Pathfinder
net/runelite/client/callback/ClientThread.java
 net.runelite.client.callback.ClientThread
net/runelite/client/plugins/prayer/PrayerFlickOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.prayer.PrayerFlickOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemcharges/ItemWithConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemcharges.ItemWithConfig
net/runelite/client/ui/components/FlatTextField.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.FlatTextField
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.FlatTextField$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/chathistory/ChatHistoryPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chathistory.ChatHistoryPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chathistory.ChatHistoryPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/LocationClueScroll.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.LocationClueScroll
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/FarmingTracker.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingTracker
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingTracker$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/nightmarezone/NightmareZoneConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.nightmarezone.NightmareZoneConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/ClueScroll.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.ClueScroll
net/runelite/client/chat/ChatColorType.java
 net.runelite.client.chat.ChatColorType
net/runelite/client/plugins/attackstyles/WeaponType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.attackstyles.WeaponType
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/LayoutableRenderableEntity.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.LayoutableRenderableEntity
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/infobox/InfoBoxPriority.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.infobox.InfoBoxPriority
net/runelite/client/plugins/stretchedmode/StretchedModePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.stretchedmode.StretchedModePlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/RotationSolver.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RotationSolver
net/runelite/client/plugins/slayer/TaskCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.slayer.TaskCounter
net/runelite/client/util/Text.java
 net.runelite.client.util.Text
net/runelite/client/plugins/OPRSExternalPluginFileFilter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.OPRSExternalPluginFileFilter
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/UnitFormatter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.UnitFormatter
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.UnitFormatterFactory
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/WidgetInspector.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.WidgetInspector
net/runelite/client/plugins/poison/PoisonConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.poison.PoisonConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/barbarianassault/GameTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barbarianassault.GameTimer
net/runelite/client/ui/skin/SubstanceRuneLiteLookAndFeel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.skin.SubstanceRuneLiteLookAndFeel
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/config/AntiAliasingMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.config.AntiAliasingMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgroundmarkers/DCGroundMarkerConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgroundmarkers.DCGroundMarkerConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/gargoyles/GargoylesPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.gargoyles.GargoylesPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenmarkers/ui/ScreenMarkerCreationPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerCreationPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerCreationPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerCreationPanel$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/PluginSearch.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginSearch
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/GroundItem.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItem
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItem$GroundItemBuilder
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItem$GroundItemKey
net/runelite/client/plugins/attackstyles/AttackStylesOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.attackstyles.AttackStylesOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/ammo/AmmoCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.ammo.AmmoCounter
net/runelite/client/chat/ChatMessageBuilder.java
 net.runelite.client.chat.ChatMessageBuilder
net/runelite/client/plugins/loginscreen/LoginScreenOverride.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loginscreen.LoginScreenOverride
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangeConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeConfig
com/openosrs/client/game/PlayerContainer.java
 com.openosrs.client.game.PlayerContainer
 com.openosrs.client.game.PlayerContainer$MeleeStyle
net/runelite/client/plugins/slayer/TargetWeaknessOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.slayer.TargetWeaknessOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/alchemy/AlchemyRoomTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.alchemy.AlchemyRoomTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/Enemy.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.Enemy
net/runelite/client/plugins/runepouch/RunepouchOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runepouch.RunepouchOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/special/SpicyStew.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.special.SpicyStew
net/runelite/client/discord/events/DiscordSpectateGame.java
 net.runelite.client.discord.events.DiscordSpectateGame
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/WorldMapRegionOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.WorldMapRegionOverlay
com/openosrs/client/events/OPRSRepositoryChanged.java
 com.openosrs.client.events.OPRSRepositoryChanged
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/leftclickcast/Spells.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.leftclickcast.Spells
net/runelite/client/plugins/wintertodt/WintertodtConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wintertodt.WintertodtConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/WesternDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.WesternDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastfurnace/ForemanTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastfurnace.ForemanTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/poh/BurnerOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.poh.BurnerOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/item/SlotLimitationRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.item.SlotLimitationRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/blueDragon/BlueDragonOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.blueDragon.BlueDragonOverlay
net/runelite/client/game/SkillIconManager.java
 net.runelite.client.game.SkillIconManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/timers/GameIndicator.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.GameIndicator
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/nightmarezone/AbsorptionCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.nightmarezone.AbsorptionCounter
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/misc/Compost.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.misc.Compost
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/FarmingPatch.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingPatch
net/runelite/client/ui/components/CustomScrollBarUI.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.CustomScrollBarUI
net/runelite/client/ClientSessionManager.java
 net.runelite.client.ClientSessionManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/InventoryInspector.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.InventoryInspector
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.InventoryInspector$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/playerindicators/PlayerIndicatorsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.playerindicators.PlayerIndicatorsOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.playerindicators.PlayerIndicatorsOverlay$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/solver/heuristics/Heuristic.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.solver.heuristics.Heuristic
net/runelite/client/plugins/npchighlight/MemorizedNpc.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npchighlight.MemorizedNpc
net/runelite/client/plugins/Plugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.Plugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/team/TeamPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.team.TeamPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.team.TeamPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.team.TeamPlugin$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/wildPvm/WildPvmOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.wildPvm.WildPvmOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/OverlayPriority.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayPriority
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/Shader.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.Shader
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.Shader$Unit
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/NpcClueScroll.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.NpcClueScroll
net/runelite/client/plugins/cooking/FermentTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cooking.FermentTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/AgilityCourseLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.AgilityCourseLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/tileindicators/TileIndicatorsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tileindicators.TileIndicatorsPlugin
net/runelite/client/ui/components/ColorJButton.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.ColorJButton
net/runelite/client/plugins/hunter/HunterTrap.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hunter.HunterTrap
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hunter.HunterTrap$State
net/runelite/client/plugins/dpscounter/DpsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.dpscounter.DpsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/magic/MagicConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.magic.MagicConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/MTAPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.MTAPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/customswapper/CustomSwapper.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$10
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$11
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$12
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$13
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$14
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$15
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$16
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$17
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$18
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$19
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$20
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$21
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$3
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$4
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$5
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$6
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$7
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$8
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapper$9
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcobjectindicators/DCObjectIndicatorsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcobjectindicators.DCObjectIndicatorsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/item/MultipleOfItemRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.item.MultipleOfItemRequirement
net/runelite/client/rs/ClientConfigLoader.java
 net.runelite.client.rs.ClientConfigLoader
net/runelite/client/plugins/motherlode/MotherlodeOreOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.motherlode.MotherlodeOreOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/TeleportType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.TeleportType
net/runelite/client/plugins/wintertodt/WintertodtOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wintertodt.WintertodtOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/TimeTrackingPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.TimeTrackingPlugin
net/runelite/client/ui/components/IconTextField.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.IconTextField
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.IconTextField$1
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.IconTextField$2
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.IconTextField$3
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.IconTextField$4
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.IconTextField$5
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.IconTextField$Icon
net/runelite/client/plugins/specialcounter/SpecialCounterPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.specialcounter.SpecialCounterPlugin
net/runelite/client/ui/ClientPluginToolbar.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientPluginToolbar
com/openosrs/client/ui/OpenOSRSSplashScreen.java
 com.openosrs.client.ui.OpenOSRSSplashScreen
net/runelite/client/plugins/woodcutting/WoodcuttingSession.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.woodcutting.WoodcuttingSession
net/runelite/client/plugins/hunter/HunterConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hunter.HunterConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangeSearchMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeSearchMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcplayerindicators/DCPlayerIndicatorsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcplayerindicators.DCPlayerIndicatorsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcplayerindicators.DCPlayerIndicatorsPlugin$Decorations
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/misc/Custom.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.misc.Custom
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/PartyPluginServiceImpl.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.PartyPluginServiceImpl
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/SimpleStatBoost.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.SimpleStatBoost
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgroundmarkers/DCGroundMarkerInputListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgroundmarkers.DCGroundMarkerInputListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/cannon/CannonSpotOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cannon.CannonSpotOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/solver/PuzzleState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.solver.PuzzleState
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcplayerindicators/DCPlayerIndicatorsMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcplayerindicators.DCPlayerIndicatorsMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/poison/PoisonInfobox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.poison.PoisonInfobox
net/runelite/client/plugins/pestcontrol/PestControlOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.pestcontrol.PestControlOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcobjectindicators/DCObjectIndicatorsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcobjectindicators.DCObjectIndicatorsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/info/JRichTextPane.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.info.JRichTextPane
net/runelite/client/plugins/herbiboars/HerbiboarStart.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.herbiboars.HerbiboarStart
net/runelite/client/plugins/examine/CacheKey.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.examine.CacheKey
net/runelite/client/task/Scheduler.java
 net.runelite.client.task.Scheduler
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/item/ItemRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.item.ItemRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/nightmarezone/NightmareZoneOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.nightmarezone.NightmareZoneOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/Produce.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.Produce
net/runelite/client/game/SpriteOverride.java
 net.runelite.client.game.SpriteOverride
net/runelite/client/plugins/prayer/PrayerRestoreType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.prayer.PrayerRestoreType
com/openosrs/client/game/SoundManager.java
 com.openosrs.client.game.SoundManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/wintertodt/config/WintertodtNotifyDamage.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wintertodt.config.WintertodtNotifyDamage
net/runelite/client/plugins/lowmemory/LowMemoryPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.lowmemory.LowMemoryPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/keyremapping/KeyRemappingListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.keyremapping.KeyRemappingListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/inventoryviewer/InventoryViewerConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.inventoryviewer.InventoryViewerConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/crafting/GoldNeckPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.crafting.GoldNeckPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/DevToolsPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.DevToolsPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.DevToolsPanel$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/CameraOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.CameraOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/events/RaidReset.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.events.RaidReset
net/runelite/client/plugins/loottracker/LootTrackerConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/potions/StaminaPotion.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.potions.StaminaPotion
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/GLBuffer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.GLBuffer
net/runelite/client/plugins/objectindicators/ObjectIndicatorsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.objectindicators.ObjectIndicatorsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/xtea/XteaPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xtea.XteaPlugin
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/WidgetOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.WidgetOverlay
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.WidgetOverlay$XpTrackerWidgetOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/Overlay.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.Overlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/MTAConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.MTAConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/cannon/CannonConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cannon.CannonConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/statusbars/StatusBarsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.statusbars.StatusBarsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/PluginDescriptor.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.PluginDescriptor
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/RangeStatChange.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.RangeStatChange
net/runelite/client/events/OverlayMenuClicked.java
 net.runelite.client.events.OverlayMenuClicked
net/runelite/client/input/KeyManager.java
 net.runelite.client.input.KeyManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/PluginInstantiationException.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.PluginInstantiationException
net/runelite/client/plugins/regenmeter/RegenMeterPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.regenmeter.RegenMeterPlugin
net/runelite/client/externalplugins/ExternalPluginManifest.java
 net.runelite.client.externalplugins.ExternalPluginManifest
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenmarkers/ScreenMarkerRenderable.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ScreenMarkerRenderable
net/runelite/client/discord/DiscordPresence.java
 net.runelite.client.discord.DiscordPresence
 net.runelite.client.discord.DiscordPresence$DiscordPresenceBuilder
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/skilling/Spell.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.skilling.Spell
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.skilling.Spell$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemcharges/ItemChargePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemcharges.ItemChargePlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/InventoryLog.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.InventoryLog
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/utils/ExtUtils.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.utils.ExtUtils
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/TextComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.TextComponent
net/runelite/client/plugins/tearsofguthix/TearsOfGuthixConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tearsofguthix.TearsOfGuthixConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenmarkers/ScreenMarkerPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ScreenMarkerPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ScreenMarkerPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/game/ItemStack.java
 net.runelite.client.game.ItemStack
net/runelite/client/util/ImageUploadStyle.java
 net.runelite.client.util.ImageUploadStyle
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/telekinetic/TelekineticRoom.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.telekinetic.TelekineticRoom
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.telekinetic.TelekineticRoom$1
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/tooltip/Tooltip.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.tooltip.Tooltip
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigObject.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigObject
net/runelite/client/plugins/mousehighlight/MouseHighlightOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mousehighlight.MouseHighlightOverlay
net/runelite/client/discord/events/DiscordErrored.java
 net.runelite.client.discord.events.DiscordErrored
net/runelite/client/plugins/interfacestyles/Skin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.interfacestyles.Skin
net/runelite/client/rs/RSAppletStub.java
 net.runelite.client.rs.RSAppletStub
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatcommands/SkillAbbreviations.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatcommands.SkillAbbreviations
net/runelite/client/plugins/playerindicators/PlayerIndicatorsTileOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.playerindicators.PlayerIndicatorsTileOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/basicbossswapper/BasicBossSwapperConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.basicbossswapper.BasicBossSwapperConfig
net/runelite/client/ui/ClientTitleToolbar.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientTitleToolbar
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientTitleToolbar$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/hunter/BirdHouseTracker.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.hunter.BirdHouseTracker
net/runelite/client/plugins/xpupdater/XpUpdaterPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xpupdater.XpUpdaterPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xpupdater.XpUpdaterPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/chat/ChatCommandManager.java
 net.runelite.client.chat.ChatCommandManager
 net.runelite.client.chat.ChatCommandManager$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/roguesden/Obstacles.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.roguesden.Obstacles
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/VarInspector.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.VarInspector
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.VarInspector$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.VarInspector$VarType
net/runelite/client/plugins/pyramidplunder/PyramidPlunderPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.pyramidplunder.PyramidPlunderPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/ItemStatConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.ItemStatConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/motherlode/MotherlodeSackOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.motherlode.MotherlodeSackOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/RangeStatBoost.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.RangeStatBoost
net/runelite/client/ui/FatalErrorDialog.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.FatalErrorDialog
 net.runelite.client.ui.FatalErrorDialog$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/woodcutting/WoodcuttingOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.woodcutting.WoodcuttingOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/components/DragAndDropReorderPane.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.DragAndDropReorderPane
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.DragAndDropReorderPane$DragAndDropReorderLayoutManager
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.DragAndDropReorderPane$DragAndDropReorderMouseAdapter
net/runelite/client/plugins/opponentinfo/OpponentInfoPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.opponentinfo.OpponentInfoPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/fairyring/FairyRingConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fairyring.FairyRingConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/notes/NotesPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.notes.NotesPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.notes.NotesPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.notes.NotesPanel$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.notes.NotesPanel$3
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/PluginHubPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginHubPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginHubPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginHubPanel$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginHubPanel$PluginItem
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/ping/RLLibC.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.ping.RLLibC
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/ObjectClueScroll.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.ObjectClueScroll
net/runelite/client/plugins/attackstyles/AttackStylesConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.attackstyles.AttackStylesConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/GenericDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.GenericDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/rs/ClientLoader.java
 net.runelite.client.rs.ClientLoader
 net.runelite.client.rs.ClientLoader$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/interfacestyles/WidgetOverride.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.interfacestyles.WidgetOverride
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/Actions.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.Actions
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpInfoBox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpInfoBox
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpInfoBox$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/NamedQuantity.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.NamedQuantity
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/fightcaves/CavesPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.fightcaves.CavesPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.fightcaves.CavesPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/ping/Timeval.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.ping.Timeval
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/UICalculatorInputArea.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.UICalculatorInputArea
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/Positivity.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.Positivity
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.Positivity$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/Gui.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.Gui
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.Gui$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.Gui$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.Gui$SwingAction
net/runelite/client/plugins/implings/ImplingsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.implings.ImplingsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/kingdomofmiscellania/KingdomPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kingdomofmiscellania.KingdomPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/SummaryState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.SummaryState
net/runelite/client/plugins/account/AccountPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.account.AccountPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/prayer/PrayerConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.prayer.PrayerConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/TimeTrackingPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.TimeTrackingPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/zalcano/ZalcanoOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.zalcano.ZalcanoOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/WorldHopperPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldHopperPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldHopperPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldHopperPlugin$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/loginscreen/LoginScreenPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loginscreen.LoginScreenPlugin
net/runelite/client/util/WinUtil.java
 net.runelite.client.util.WinUtil
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/beans/SkillData.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.beans.SkillData
net/runelite/client/plugins/defaultworld/DefaultWorldPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.defaultworld.DefaultWorldPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/potions/PotionDuration.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.potions.PotionDuration
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.potions.PotionDuration$PotionDurationRange
net/runelite/client/events/PlayerLootReceived.java
 net.runelite.client.events.PlayerLootReceived
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/hunter/BirdHouseState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.hunter.BirdHouseState
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/TimeFormatMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.TimeFormatMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/examine/ExaminePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.examine.ExaminePlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.examine.ExaminePlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/ConfigPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.ConfigPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/hotcold/HotColdTemperature.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.hotcold.HotColdTemperature
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/item/SingleItemRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.item.SingleItemRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/hotcold/HotColdArea.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.hotcold.HotColdArea
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/FoodBase.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.FoodBase
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/config/ValueCalculationMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.config.ValueCalculationMode
net/runelite/client/game/XpDropManager.java
 net.runelite.client.game.XpDropManager
net/runelite/client/events/NotificationFired.java
 net.runelite.client.events.NotificationFired
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/MapPoint.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.MapPoint
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.MapPoint$MapPointBuilder
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.MapPoint$MapPointBuilderImpl
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.MapPoint$Type
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/PatchPrediction.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchPrediction
net/runelite/client/plugins/PluginDependency.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.PluginDependency
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/alchemy/AlchemyItem.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.alchemy.AlchemyItem
net/runelite/client/plugins/twitch/TwitchConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.twitch.TwitchConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/banktags/tabs/TabInterface.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.tabs.TabInterface
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/DevToolsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.DevToolsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/stats/EnergyStat.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.stats.EnergyStat
net/runelite/client/game/HiscoreLoader.java
 net.runelite.client.game.HiscoreLoader
net/runelite/client/config/Button.java
 net.runelite.client.config.Button
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/skilling/Firemaking.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.skilling.Firemaking
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/OverlayManager.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayManager
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayManager$1
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/TooltipComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.TooltipComponent
net/runelite/client/util/QuantityFormatter.java
 net.runelite.client.util.QuantityFormatter
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/RaidsTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RaidsTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/agility/Courses.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.agility.Courses
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/SplitComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.SplitComponent
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.SplitComponent$SplitComponentBuilder
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/FarmingTabPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingTabPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingTabPanel$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/GroundItemsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItemsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/herbiboars/HerbiboarConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.herbiboars.HerbiboarConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/agility/AgilityConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.agility.AgilityConfig
net/runelite/client/game/SpriteManager.java
 net.runelite.client.game.SpriteManager
net/runelite/client/events/SessionClose.java
 net.runelite.client.events.SessionClose
net/runelite/client/plugins/pestcontrol/Portal.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.pestcontrol.Portal
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/PartyPluginService.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.PartyPluginService
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastmine/BlastMineOreCountOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastmine.BlastMineOreCountOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/CipherClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.CipherClue
net/runelite/client/ui/ClientPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/ClickItem.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.ClickItem
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/Tab.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.Tab
net/runelite/client/plugins/friendnotes/FriendNoteOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.friendnotes.FriendNoteOverlay
net/runelite/client/util/CountingInputStream.java
 net.runelite.client.util.CountingInputStream
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpPanelLabel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpPanelLabel
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/UICombinedActionSlot.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.UICombinedActionSlot
net/runelite/client/game/chatbox/ChatboxTextMenuInput.java
 net.runelite.client.game.chatbox.ChatboxTextMenuInput
 net.runelite.client.game.chatbox.ChatboxTextMenuInput$Entry
net/runelite/client/plugins/openosrs/OpenOSRSPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.OpenOSRSPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.OpenOSRSPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/agility/Obstacle.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.agility.Obstacle
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/WidgetTreeNode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.WidgetTreeNode
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/Teleport.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.Teleport
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigSection.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigSection
net/runelite/client/plugins/reportbutton/TimeFormat.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.reportbutton.TimeFormat
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcobjectindicators/DCObjectIndicatorsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcobjectindicators.DCObjectIndicatorsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcobjectindicators.DCObjectIndicatorsPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/friendlist/FriendListPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.friendlist.FriendListPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/roguesden/RoguesDenOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.roguesden.RoguesDenOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/prayer/PrayerFlickLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.prayer.PrayerFlickLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/poh/PohIcons.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.poh.PohIcons
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/enchantment/EnchantmentRoom.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.enchantment.EnchantmentRoom
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/wildPvm/WildPvmPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.wildPvm.WildPvmPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/telekinetic/Maze.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.telekinetic.Maze
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/PartyMemberBox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.PartyMemberBox
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/blueDragon/BlueDragonTrail.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.blueDragon.BlueDragonTrail
net/runelite/client/plugins/experiencedrop/XpDropPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.experiencedrop.XpDropPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.experiencedrop.XpDropPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/NamedObjectClueScroll.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.NamedObjectClueScroll
net/runelite/client/plugins/hiscore/NameAutocompleter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hiscore.NameAutocompleter
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpSnapshotSingle.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpSnapshotSingle
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpSnapshotSingle$XpSnapshotSingleBuilder
net/runelite/client/plugins/timers/TimerTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.TimerTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/LocalPlayerStatus/LocalPlayerStatusPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.LocalPlayerStatus.LocalPlayerStatusPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/PluginToggleButton.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginToggleButton
net/runelite/client/ws/PartyService.java
 net.runelite.client.ws.PartyService
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/ClueScrollConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.ClueScrollConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/clocks/ClockPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.ClockPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.ClockPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.ClockPanel$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/SkillRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.SkillRequirement
com/openosrs/client/graphics/ModelOutlineRenderer.java
 com.openosrs.client.graphics.ModelOutlineRenderer
 com.openosrs.client.graphics.ModelOutlineRenderer$PixelDistanceAlpha
net/runelite/client/plugins/examine/ExamineType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.examine.ExamineType
net/runelite/client/plugins/customcursor/CustomCursorPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.customcursor.CustomCursorPlugin
com/openosrs/client/game/AttackStyle.java
 com.openosrs.client.game.AttackStyle
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigManager.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/lightbox/LightBox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.lightbox.LightBox
net/runelite/client/plugins/loottracker/LootTrackerItem.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerItem
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/misc/Herbtar.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.misc.Herbtar
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastfurnace/BlastFurnaceConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastfurnace.BlastFurnaceConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/runepouch/RunepouchPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runepouch.RunepouchPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/timers/TimersConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.TimersConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/barbarianassault/BarbarianAssaultConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barbarianassault.BarbarianAssaultConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/QuestPointRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.QuestPointRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangeItemPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeItemPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeItemPanel$1
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigItemDescriptor.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigItemDescriptor
net/runelite/client/plugins/barrows/BarrowsBrotherSlainOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barrows.BarrowsBrotherSlainOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/messages/LocationUpdate.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.messages.LocationUpdate
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/clocks/ClockManager.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.ClockManager
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.ClockManager$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.ClockManager$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/switches/Boss.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.switches.Boss
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/ComponentConstants.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.ComponentConstants
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatchannel/ChatChannelConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatchannel.ChatChannelConfig
net/runelite/client/ui/components/ProgressBar.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.ProgressBar
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/ItemStatChanges.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.ItemStatChanges
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/DcOneClickConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.DcOneClickConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/utils/Spells.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.utils.Spells
net/runelite/client/plugins/barbarianassault/HealerOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barbarianassault.HealerOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barbarianassault.HealerOverlay$HealerTeam
net/runelite/client/ui/components/colorpicker/ColorValueSlider.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.ColorValueSlider
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.ColorValueSlider$1
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.ColorValueSlider$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/ClueScrollPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.ClueScrollPlugin
net/runelite/client/menus/WidgetMenuOption.java
 net.runelite.client.menus.WidgetMenuOption
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenshot/ScreenshotPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenshot.ScreenshotPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenshot.ScreenshotPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenshot.ScreenshotPlugin$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenshot.ScreenshotPlugin$KillType
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/SubscriptionFilterMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.SubscriptionFilterMode
net/runelite/client/util/VerificationException.java
 net.runelite.client.util.VerificationException
net/runelite/client/chat/ChatCommand.java
 net.runelite.client.chat.ChatCommand
net/runelite/client/discord/events/DiscordDisconnected.java
 net.runelite.client.discord.events.DiscordDisconnected
net/runelite/client/plugins/prayer/PrayerPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.prayer.PrayerPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.prayer.PrayerPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/crafting/GoldNeckOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.crafting.GoldNeckOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/tithefarm/TitheFarmPlantState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tithefarm.TitheFarmPlantState
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcobjectindicators/ColorTileObject.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcobjectindicators.ColorTileObject
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatchannel/ChatChannelPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatchannel.ChatChannelPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatchannel.ChatChannelPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatchannel.ChatChannelPlugin$InputMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/attackstyles/AttackStylesPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.attackstyles.AttackStylesPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpInfoBoxOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpInfoBoxOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/feed/FeedPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.feed.FeedPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.feed.FeedPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.feed.FeedPanel$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.feed.FeedPanel$3
net/runelite/client/plugins/loottracker/LootTrackerBox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerBox
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/hotcold/HotColdSolver.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.hotcold.HotColdSolver
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.hotcold.HotColdSolver$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/hunter/BirdHouseSpace.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.hunter.BirdHouseSpace
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/ThreeStepCrypticClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.ThreeStepCrypticClue
net/runelite/client/events/ClientShutdown.java
 net.runelite.client.events.ClientShutdown
net/runelite/client/plugins/banktags/tabs/TabManager.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.tabs.TabManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/reportbutton/ReportButtonPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.reportbutton.ReportButtonPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.reportbutton.ReportButtonPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/MTAInventoryOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.MTAInventoryOverlay
net/runelite/client/util/RunnableExceptionLogger.java
 net.runelite.client.util.RunnableExceptionLogger
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/messages/CharacterNameUpdate.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.messages.CharacterNameUpdate
net/runelite/client/plugins/herbiboars/HerbiboarOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.herbiboars.HerbiboarOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/infobox/Counter.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.infobox.Counter
net/runelite/client/externalplugins/ExternalPluginManager.java
 net.runelite.client.externalplugins.ExternalPluginManager
net/runelite/client/rs/ClientUpdateCheckMode.java
 net.runelite.client.rs.ClientUpdateCheckMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/mining/MiningConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.MiningConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/herbiboars/HerbiboarSearchSpot.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.herbiboars.HerbiboarSearchSpot
 net.runelite.client.plugins.herbiboars.HerbiboarSearchSpot$Group
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/GpuIntBuffer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.GpuIntBuffer
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/switches/SpecialCounterUpdate.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.switches.SpecialCounterUpdate
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/clocks/TimerPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.TimerPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/attackstyles/AttackStyle.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.attackstyles.AttackStyle
net/runelite/client/eventbus/EventBus.java
 net.runelite.client.eventbus.EventBus
 net.runelite.client.eventbus.EventBus$Subscriber
net/runelite/client/plugins/openosrs/externals/ExternalBox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.ExternalBox
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.ExternalBox$JMultilineLabel
net/runelite/client/plugins/interfacestyles/InterfaceStylesConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.interfacestyles.InterfaceStylesConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/config/HighlightTier.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.config.HighlightTier
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.config.HighlightTier$1
net/runelite/client/config/RequestFocusType.java
 net.runelite.client.config.RequestFocusType
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/clocks/StopwatchPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.StopwatchPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/graveyard/GraveyardCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.graveyard.GraveyardCounter
net/runelite/client/plugins/cannon/CannonSpots.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cannon.CannonSpots
net/runelite/client/plugins/animsmoothing/AnimationSmoothingPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.animsmoothing.AnimationSmoothingPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemidentification/ItemIdentificationOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemidentification.ItemIdentificationOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemidentification.ItemIdentificationOverlay$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/smelting/SmeltingOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.smelting.SmeltingOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/worldmap/WorldMapPointManager.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.worldmap.WorldMapPointManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/fishing/FishingSession.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fishing.FishingSession
net/runelite/client/plugins/woodcutting/WoodcuttingTreesOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.woodcutting.WoodcuttingTreesOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenshot/ScreenshotConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenshot.ScreenshotConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/experiencedrop/XpPrayer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.experiencedrop.XpPrayer
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/ping/IPHlpAPI.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.ping.IPHlpAPI
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigItem.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigItem
net/runelite/client/plugins/kourendlibrary/KourendLibraryTutorialOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.KourendLibraryTutorialOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.KourendLibraryTutorialOverlay$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/itemdropper/ItemDropper.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.itemdropper.ItemDropper
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.itemdropper.ItemDropper$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/MenuEntryWithCount.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.MenuEntryWithCount
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/WorldHopperPingOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldHopperPingOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/skybox/SkyboxPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skybox.SkyboxPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/Obelisk.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.Obelisk
net/runelite/client/plugins/mining/Rock.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.Rock
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.Rock$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.Rock$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.Rock$3
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.Rock$4
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.Rock$5
net/runelite/client/Notifier.java
 net.runelite.client.Notifier
 net.runelite.client.Notifier$1
 net.runelite.client.Notifier$NativeCustomOff
net/runelite/client/plugins/openosrs/externals/RepositoryBox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.RepositoryBox
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.RepositoryBox$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.RepositoryBox$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.RepositoryBox$3
net/runelite/client/plugins/runenergy/RunEnergyOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runenergy.RunEnergyOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatboxperformance/ChatboxPerformancePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatboxperformance.ChatboxPerformancePlugin
net/runelite/client/account/AccountSession.java
 net.runelite.client.account.AccountSession
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/ProgressBarComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.ProgressBarComponent
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.ProgressBarComponent$1
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.ProgressBarComponent$LabelDisplayMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/RareTreeLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.RareTreeLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/discord/DiscordGameEventType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordGameEventType
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordGameEventType$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/reportbutton/ReportButtonConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.reportbutton.ReportButtonConfig
com/openosrs/client/ui/overlay/components/table/TableElement.java
 com.openosrs.client.ui.overlay.components.table.TableElement
 com.openosrs.client.ui.overlay.components.table.TableElement$TableElementBuilder
net/runelite/client/plugins/runecraft/AbyssMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runecraft.AbyssMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/mining/Pickaxe.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.Pickaxe
net/runelite/client/plugins/reportbutton/TimeStyle.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.reportbutton.TimeStyle
net/runelite/client/plugins/minimap/MinimapPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.minimap.MinimapPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/Types.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.Types
net/runelite/client/plugins/statusbars/BarRenderer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.statusbars.BarRenderer
net/runelite/client/plugins/timers/TimersPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.TimersPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.TimersPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/wintertodt/WintertodtActivity.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wintertodt.WintertodtActivity
net/runelite/client/ui/components/PluginErrorPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.PluginErrorPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/FaladorDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.FaladorDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/fightcaves/CavesConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.fightcaves.CavesConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/DCGroundItemsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCGroundItemsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/FarmingRegion.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingRegion
net/runelite/client/plugins/statusbars/StatusBarsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.statusbars.StatusBarsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/config/ValueCalculationMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.config.ValueCalculationMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/utils/PrayerMap.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.utils.PrayerMap
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/skilling/Karambwans.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.skilling.Karambwans
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/DCLootType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCLootType
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/OverviewItemPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.OverviewItemPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.OverviewItemPanel$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/driftnet/DriftNetStatus.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.driftnet.DriftNetStatus
net/runelite/client/plugins/motherlode/MotherlodeGemOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.motherlode.MotherlodeGemOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/dailytaskindicators/DailyTasksConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.dailytaskindicators.DailyTasksConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/bosstimer/BossTimersPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.bosstimer.BossTimersPlugin
net/runelite/client/game/chatbox/ChatboxItemSearch.java
 net.runelite.client.game.chatbox.ChatboxItemSearch
 net.runelite.client.game.chatbox.ChatboxItemSearch$ItemIcon
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/wildPvm/WildPvmConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.wildPvm.WildPvmConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/TimeablePanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.TimeablePanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/barrows/BarrowsBrothers.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barrows.BarrowsBrothers
net/runelite/client/plugins/woodcutting/Axe.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.woodcutting.Axe
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/worldmap/WorldMapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.worldmap.WorldMapOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/SkillColor.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.SkillColor
net/runelite/client/plugins/inventorygrid/InventoryGridConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.inventorygrid.InventoryGridConfig
net/runelite/client/ui/MultiplexingPluginPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.MultiplexingPluginPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/RoomType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RoomType
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RoomType$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/agility/AgilitySession.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.agility.AgilitySession
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemprices/ItemPricesOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemprices.ItemPricesOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemprices.ItemPricesOverlay$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/hiscore/HiscorePanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hiscore.HiscorePanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hiscore.HiscorePanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hiscore.HiscorePanel$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hiscore.HiscorePanel$3
net/runelite/client/ui/components/colorpicker/RuneliteColorPicker.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.RuneliteColorPicker
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.RuneliteColorPicker$1
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.RuneliteColorPicker$2
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.RuneliteColorPicker$3
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.RuneliteColorPicker$4
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/outline/IntBlockBuffer.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.outline.IntBlockBuffer
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/GroundItemsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItemsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItemsPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItemsPlugin$PriceHighlight
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/config/UIScalingMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.config.UIScalingMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/MissingDependenciesException.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.MissingDependenciesException
net/runelite/client/plugins/agility/AgilityPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.agility.AgilityPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.agility.AgilityPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastmine/BlastMineRockOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastmine.BlastMineRockOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastmine.BlastMineRockOverlay$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/runepouch/RunepouchConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runepouch.RunepouchConfig
net/runelite/client/chat/ChatColor.java
 net.runelite.client.chat.ChatColor
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/ItemStatChangesService.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.ItemStatChangesService
net/runelite/client/plugins/objectindicators/ObjectIndicatorsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.objectindicators.ObjectIndicatorsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.objectindicators.ObjectIndicatorsPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/stats/Stat.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.stats.Stat
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/ClueScrollWorldMapPoint.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.ClueScrollWorldMapPoint
net/runelite/client/plugins/agility/Obstacles.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.agility.Obstacles
net/runelite/client/ws/WSClient.java
 net.runelite.client.ws.WSClient
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/ShaderException.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.ShaderException
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigDescriptor.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigDescriptor
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/FarmingPatchLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.FarmingPatchLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/bank/BankPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.bank.BankPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.bank.BankPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/RuneLiteModule.java
 net.runelite.client.RuneLiteModule
net/runelite/client/plugins/nightmarezone/AbsorptionCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.nightmarezone.AbsorptionCounter
net/runelite/client/ui/components/materialtabs/MaterialTab.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.materialtabs.MaterialTab
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.materialtabs.MaterialTab$1
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.materialtabs.MaterialTab$2
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.materialtabs.MaterialTab$3
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/WorldMapConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.WorldMapConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/openosrs/externals/RepositoryPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.RepositoryPanel
net/runelite/client/ui/components/colorpicker/HuePanel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.HuePanel
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.HuePanel$1
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.HuePanel$2
net/runelite/client/account/SessionManager.java
 net.runelite.client.account.SessionManager
net/runelite/client/game/FishingSpot.java
 net.runelite.client.game.FishingSpot
net/runelite/client/plugins/pestcontrol/Game.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.pestcontrol.Game
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/DevToolsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.DevToolsConfig
net/runelite/client/events/WorldsFetch.java
 net.runelite.client.events.WorldsFetch
net/runelite/client/plugins/pyramidplunder/PyramidPlunderConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.pyramidplunder.PyramidPlunderConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/playerindicators/PlayerNameLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.playerindicators.PlayerNameLocation
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/InfoBoxComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.InfoBoxComponent
net/runelite/client/events/PrivateMessageInput.java
 net.runelite.client.events.PrivateMessageInput
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/crafting/GoldNeckConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.crafting.GoldNeckConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/dailytaskindicators/DailyTasksPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.dailytaskindicators.DailyTasksPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/lightbox/Combination.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.lightbox.Combination
net/runelite/client/plugins/specialcounter/Boss.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.specialcounter.Boss
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/outline/ModelOutlineRenderer.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.outline.ModelOutlineRenderer
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.outline.ModelOutlineRenderer$PixelDistanceDelta
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.outline.ModelOutlineRenderer$PixelDistanceGroupIndex
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/FairyRingLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.FairyRingLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/zalcano/ZalcanoPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.zalcano.ZalcanoPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/runecraft/RunecraftPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runecraft.RunecraftPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runecraft.RunecraftPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastmine/BlastMinePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastmine.BlastMinePlugin
net/runelite/client/util/DeferredEventBus.java
 net.runelite.client.util.DeferredEventBus
net/runelite/client/plugins/interfacestyles/HealthbarOverride.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.interfacestyles.HealthbarOverride
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/messages/SkillUpdate.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.messages.SkillUpdate
net/runelite/client/ui/components/SliderUI.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.SliderUI
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.SliderUI$RangeTrackListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/DCGroundItemsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCGroundItemsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/solver/pathfinding/IDAStar.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.solver.pathfinding.IDAStar
net/runelite/client/plugins/pestcontrol/PestControlPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.pestcontrol.PestControlPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/corp/CoreOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.corp.CoreOverlay
com/openosrs/client/ui/components/MessagePanel.java
 com.openosrs.client.ui.components.MessagePanel
 com.openosrs.client.ui.components.MessagePanel$1
 com.openosrs.client.ui.components.MessagePanel$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/camera/ControlFunction.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.camera.ControlFunction
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/neverlog/NeverLog.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.neverlog.NeverLog
net/runelite/client/plugins/kingdomofmiscellania/KingdomConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kingdomofmiscellania.KingdomConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/ping/IcmpEchoReply.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.ping.IcmpEchoReply
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/MenuEntrySwapperPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.MenuEntrySwapperPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/itemdropper/ItemDropperConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.itemdropper.ItemDropperConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/delta/DeltaPercentage.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.delta.DeltaPercentage
net/runelite/client/ui/skin/ObsidianSkin.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.skin.ObsidianSkin
 net.runelite.client.ui.skin.ObsidianSkin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/fps/FpsDrawListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fps.FpsDrawListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/driftnet/DriftNetConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.driftnet.DriftNetConfig
net/runelite/client/game/LootManager.java
 net.runelite.client.game.LootManager
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/infobox/InfoBoxOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.infobox.InfoBoxOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpAction.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpAction
net/runelite/client/plugins/regenmeter/RegenMeterConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.regenmeter.RegenMeterConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/mining/MiningSession.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.MiningSession
net/runelite/client/plugins/fairyring/FairyRingPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fairyring.FairyRingPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fairyring.FairyRingPlugin$CodeWidgets
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/solver/pathfinding/IDAStarMM.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.solver.pathfinding.IDAStarMM
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.solver.pathfinding.IDAStarMM$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/FremennikDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.FremennikDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/FishingSpotLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.FishingSpotLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/timestamp/TimestampConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timestamp.TimestampConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/nightmarezone/NightmareZonePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.nightmarezone.NightmareZonePlugin
net/runelite/client/events/NavigationButtonRemoved.java
 net.runelite.client.events.NavigationButtonRemoved
net/runelite/client/game/NPCManager.java
 net.runelite.client.game.NPCManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/Raid.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.Raid
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.Raid$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/WorldTableHeader.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldTableHeader
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.WorldTableHeader$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/smelting/SmeltingSession.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.smelting.SmeltingSession
net/runelite/client/plugins/fishing/MinnowSpot.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fishing.MinnowSpot
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigSectionDescriptor.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigSectionDescriptor
net/runelite/client/plugins/cooking/CookingConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cooking.CookingConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/ItemStatOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.ItemStatOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/chathistory/ChatboxTab.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chathistory.ChatboxTab
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenmarkers/ScreenMarkerOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ScreenMarkerOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/VarrockMuseumAnswer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.VarrockMuseumAnswer
net/runelite/client/events/RuneScapeProfileChanged.java
 net.runelite.client.events.RuneScapeProfileChanged
net/runelite/client/plugins/runepouch/config/RunePouchOverlayMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runepouch.config.RunePouchOverlayMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/hotcold/HotColdTemperatureChange.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.hotcold.HotColdTemperatureChange
net/runelite/client/util/DeferredDocumentChangedListener.java
 net.runelite.client.util.DeferredDocumentChangedListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/hiscore/HiscoreConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hiscore.HiscoreConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastfurnace/BlastFurnaceClickBoxOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastfurnace.BlastFurnaceClickBoxOverlay
com/openosrs/client/ui/overlay/components/table/TableComponent.java
 com.openosrs.client.ui.overlay.components.table.TableComponent
 com.openosrs.client.ui.overlay.components.table.TableComponent$1
net/runelite/client/ui/components/colorpicker/PreviewPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.PreviewPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/DiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.DiaryRequirement
com/openosrs/client/ui/overlay/components/table/TableRow.java
 com.openosrs.client.ui.overlay.components.table.TableRow
 com.openosrs.client.ui.overlay.components.table.TableRow$TableRowBuilder
net/runelite/client/util/ColorUtil.java
 net.runelite.client.util.ColorUtil
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/TitleComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.TitleComponent
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.TitleComponent$TitleComponentBuilder
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/SkillChallengeClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.SkillChallengeClue
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.SkillChallengeClue$ChallengeType
net/runelite/client/plugins/team/TeamConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.team.TeamConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/dpscounter/DpsCounterPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.dpscounter.DpsCounterPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/statusbars/StatusBarsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.statusbars.StatusBarsPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatfilter/ChatFilterType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatfilter.ChatFilterType
net/runelite/client/plugins/barrows/BarrowsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barrows.BarrowsPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/events/RaidScouted.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.events.RaidScouted
net/runelite/client/plugins/xpupdater/XpUpdaterConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xpupdater.XpUpdaterConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/driftnet/DriftNetOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.driftnet.DriftNetOverlay
net/runelite/client/events/ChatInput.java
 net.runelite.client.events.ChatInput
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/OverlayPosition.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayPosition
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcplayerindicators/DCPlayerIndicatorsService.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcplayerindicators.DCPlayerIndicatorsService
net/runelite/client/events/ExternalPluginsChanged.java
 net.runelite.client.events.ExternalPluginsChanged
net/runelite/client/plugins/tileindicators/TileIndicatorsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tileindicators.TileIndicatorsConfig
net/runelite/client/ui/DynamicGridLayout.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.DynamicGridLayout
net/runelite/client/discord/DiscordService.java
 net.runelite.client.discord.DiscordService
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcnpchighlight/NpcMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcnpchighlight.NpcMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/smelting/SmeltingConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.smelting.SmeltingConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/tileindicators/TileIndicatorsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tileindicators.TileIndicatorsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcplayerindicators/DCPlayerIndicatorsTileOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcplayerindicators.DCPlayerIndicatorsTileOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/barbarianassault/Role.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barbarianassault.Role
com/openosrs/client/OpenOSRS.java
 com.openosrs.client.OpenOSRS
net/runelite/client/ui/components/colorpicker/ColorValuePanel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.ColorValuePanel
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.ColorValuePanel$1
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.ColorValuePanel$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/hunter/HunterPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hunter.HunterPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hunter.HunterPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/ui/components/materialtabs/MaterialTabGroup.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.materialtabs.MaterialTabGroup
net/runelite/client/plugins/objectindicators/ObjectIndicatorsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.objectindicators.ObjectIndicatorsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/music/MusicPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.music.MusicPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.music.MusicPlugin$Channel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.music.MusicPlugin$MusicState
 net.runelite.client.plugins.music.MusicPlugin$SettingsSideSlider
 net.runelite.client.plugins.music.MusicPlugin$SettingsSlider
 net.runelite.client.plugins.music.MusicPlugin$Slider
net/runelite/client/util/TransferableBufferedImage.java
 net.runelite.client.util.TransferableBufferedImage
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemidentification/ItemIdentificationConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemidentification.ItemIdentificationConfig
net/runelite/client/chat/QueuedMessage.java
 net.runelite.client.chat.QueuedMessage
 net.runelite.client.chat.QueuedMessage$QueuedMessageBuilder
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpUpdateResult.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpUpdateResult
net/runelite/client/plugins/runecraft/AbyssOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runecraft.AbyssOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/groundmarkers/GroundMarkerMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.groundmarkers.GroundMarkerMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/game/AgilityShortcut.java
 net.runelite.client.game.AgilityShortcut
 net.runelite.client.game.AgilityShortcut$1
net/runelite/client/game/HiscoreManager.java
 net.runelite.client.game.HiscoreManager
 net.runelite.client.game.HiscoreManager$HiscoreKey
net/runelite/client/plugins/slayer/SlayerOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.slayer.SlayerOverlay
net/runelite/client/input/MouseAdapter.java
 net.runelite.client.input.MouseAdapter
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/stats/SkillStat.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.stats.SkillStat
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemcharges/ItemWithCharge.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemcharges.ItemWithCharge
net/runelite/client/plugins/motherlode/MotherlodeSceneOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.motherlode.MotherlodeSceneOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenmarkers/ScreenMarkerWidgetHighlightOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ScreenMarkerWidgetHighlightOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgroundmarkers/DCGroundMarkerPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgroundmarkers.DCGroundMarkerPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgroundmarkers.DCGroundMarkerPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/metronome/MetronomePluginConfiguration.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.metronome.MetronomePluginConfiguration
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/ShiftWithdrawMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.ShiftWithdrawMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/boosts/BoostsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.boosts.BoostsConfig
 net.runelite.client.plugins.boosts.BoostsConfig$DisplayBoosts
 net.runelite.client.plugins.boosts.BoostsConfig$DisplayChangeMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemcharges/ItemChargeOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemcharges.ItemChargeOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/magic/Spells.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.magic.Spells
net/runelite/client/plugins/zalcano/ZalcanoPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.zalcano.ZalcanoPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.zalcano.ZalcanoPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/util/OSXUtil.java
 net.runelite.client.util.OSXUtil
net/runelite/client/plugins/regenmeter/RegenMeterOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.regenmeter.RegenMeterOverlay
net/runelite/client/game/ChatIconManager.java
 net.runelite.client.game.ChatIconManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpPauseState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpPauseState
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/LocalPlayerStatus/LocalPlayerStatusOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.LocalPlayerStatus.LocalPlayerStatusOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemidentification/ItemIdentification.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemidentification.ItemIdentification
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemidentification.ItemIdentification$Type
net/runelite/client/events/NpcLootReceived.java
 net.runelite.client.events.NpcLootReceived
net/runelite/client/ui/SplashScreen.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.SplashScreen
 net.runelite.client.ui.SplashScreen$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/npcunaggroarea/AggressionTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npcunaggroarea.AggressionTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/SoundEffectOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.SoundEffectOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/questlist/QuestListPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.questlist.QuestListPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.questlist.QuestListPlugin$QuestContainer
 net.runelite.client.plugins.questlist.QuestListPlugin$QuestState
 net.runelite.client.plugins.questlist.QuestListPlugin$QuestWidget
net/runelite/client/plugins/npchighlight/NpcIndicatorsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npchighlight.NpcIndicatorsPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/BoostedStatBoost.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.BoostedStatBoost
net/runelite/client/plugins/wiki/WikiConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wiki.WikiConfig
net/runelite/client/input/MouseWheelListener.java
 net.runelite.client.input.MouseWheelListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/SquareOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.SquareOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/StatChange.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.StatChange
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/LocationOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.LocationOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/loottracker/LootTrackerPriceType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerPriceType
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/SceneUploader.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.SceneUploader
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/misc/Healer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.misc.Healer
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatcommands/ChatCommandsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatcommands.ChatCommandsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/RaidRoom.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RaidRoom
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/PanelComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.PanelComponent
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.PanelComponent$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/motherlode/MotherlodeOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.motherlode.MotherlodeOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/inventorytags/InventoryTagsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.inventorytags.InventoryTagsOverlay
net/runelite/client/events/SessionOpen.java
 net.runelite.client.events.SessionOpen
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/DcOneClickPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.DcOneClickPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.DcOneClickPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/lightbox/LightboxState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.lightbox.LightboxState
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/ping/Ping.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.ping.Ping
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.ping.Ping$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemcharges/ItemChargeType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemcharges.ItemChargeType
net/runelite/client/plugins/groundmarkers/GroundMarkerOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.groundmarkers.GroundMarkerOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/HouseMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.HouseMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/discord/DiscordPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordPlugin$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/LocalPlayerStatus/LocalPlayerStatusTileOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.LocalPlayerStatus.LocalPlayerStatusTileOverlay
com/openosrs/client/game/ItemReclaimCost.java
 com.openosrs.client.game.ItemReclaimCost
net/runelite/client/plugins/motherlode/MotherlodeConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.motherlode.MotherlodeConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/loottracker/LootTrackerRecord.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootTrackerRecord
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/wildPvm/LavaIsleTrail.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.wildPvm.LavaIsleTrail
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/infobox/Timer.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.infobox.Timer
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/potions/SuperRestore.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.potions.SuperRestore
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpTrackerConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpTrackerConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/TeleportLocationData.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.TeleportLocationData
net/runelite/client/plugins/inventorytags/InventoryTagsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.inventorytags.InventoryTagsPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatchannel/ActivityType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatchannel.ActivityType
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/WidgetInspectorOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.WidgetInspectorOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/worldmap/WorldMapPoint.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.worldmap.WorldMapPoint
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.worldmap.WorldMapPoint$WorldMapPointBuilder
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.worldmap.WorldMapPoint$WorldMapPointBuilderImpl
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/DCMenuEntryWithCount.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCMenuEntryWithCount
net/runelite/client/ui/JagexColors.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.JagexColors
net/runelite/client/plugins/antidrag/AntiDragConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.antidrag.AntiDragConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/interfacestyles/WidgetOffset.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.interfacestyles.WidgetOffset
net/runelite/client/ui/NavigationButton.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.NavigationButton
 net.runelite.client.ui.NavigationButton$NavigationButtonBuilder
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/stats/Stats.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.stats.Stats
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/basicbossswapper/BasicBossSwapper.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.basicbossswapper.BasicBossSwapper
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.basicbossswapper.BasicBossSwapper$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/TextClueScroll.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.TextClueScroll
net/runelite/client/plugins/wintertodt/WintertodtInterruptType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wintertodt.WintertodtInterruptType
net/runelite/client/config/WarningOnExit.java
 net.runelite.client.config.WarningOnExit
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/ClickCompare.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.ClickCompare
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/PuzzleSolverOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.PuzzleSolverOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/infobox/LoopTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.infobox.LoopTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/SkillCalculatorPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.SkillCalculatorPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/ScriptInspector.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.ScriptInspector
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.ScriptInspector$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.ScriptInspector$ListState
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.ScriptInspector$ScriptTreeNode
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/magic/MagicPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.magic.MagicPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/FairyRingClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.FairyRingClue
com/openosrs/client/ui/components/InfoPanel.java
 com.openosrs.client.ui.components.InfoPanel
 com.openosrs.client.ui.components.InfoPanel$1
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/OverlayPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayPanel
net/runelite/client/config/ChatColorConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ChatColorConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/barrows/BarrowsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barrows.BarrowsConfig
net/runelite/client/ui/ClientUI.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientUI
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientUI$1
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientUI$2
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientUI$3
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientUI$4
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientUI$5
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientUI$6
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/SortOrder.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.SortOrder
net/runelite/client/plugins/statusbars/config/BarMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.statusbars.config.BarMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangePlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangePlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/AnagramClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.AnagramClue
net/runelite/client/plugins/cooking/CookingSession.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cooking.CookingSession
net/runelite/client/plugins/opponentinfo/HitpointsDisplayStyle.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.opponentinfo.HitpointsDisplayStyle
net/runelite/client/ui/components/colorpicker/RecentColors.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.RecentColors
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.colorpicker.RecentColors$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/camera/CameraPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.camera.CameraPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.camera.CameraPlugin$1
com/openosrs/client/config/OpenOSRSConfig.java
 com.openosrs.client.config.OpenOSRSConfig
 com.openosrs.client.config.OpenOSRSConfig$SortStyle
net/runelite/client/plugins/prayer/PrayerBarOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.prayer.PrayerBarOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/opponentinfo/OpponentInfoConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.opponentinfo.OpponentInfoConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgroundmarkers/DCGroundMarkerMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgroundmarkers.DCGroundMarkerMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/MTASceneOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.MTASceneOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/switches/SwitchesPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.switches.SwitchesPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/beans/SkillDataBonus.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.beans.SkillDataBonus
net/runelite/client/config/Config.java
 net.runelite.client.config.Config
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/beans/SkillDataEntry.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.beans.SkillDataEntry
net/runelite/client/plugins/opponentinfo/OpponentInfoOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.opponentinfo.OpponentInfoOverlay
net/runelite/client/game/chatbox/ChatboxPanelManager.java
 net.runelite.client.game.chatbox.ChatboxPanelManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/mousehighlight/MouseHighlightConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mousehighlight.MouseHighlightConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/ItemStatPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.ItemStatPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/feed/FeedConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.feed.FeedConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/agility/AgilityArenaTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.agility.AgilityArenaTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/cooking/CookingPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cooking.CookingPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/InventoryItem.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.InventoryItem
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/fightcaves/JadAttackStyle.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.fightcaves.JadAttackStyle
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/HunterAreaLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.HunterAreaLocation
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.HunterAreaLocation$HunterCreature
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/solver/heuristics/ManhattanDistance.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.solver.heuristics.ManhattanDistance
net/runelite/client/plugins/chathistory/ChatHistoryConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chathistory.ChatHistoryConfig
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigInvocationHandler.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigInvocationHandler
net/runelite/client/plugins/stretchedmode/StretchedModeConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.stretchedmode.StretchedModeConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/roguesden/RoguesDenPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.roguesden.RoguesDenPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/slayer/NpcActions.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.slayer.NpcActions
net/runelite/client/plugins/camera/CameraConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.camera.CameraConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/smelting/SmeltingPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.smelting.SmeltingPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/switches/SwitchesConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.switches.SwitchesConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/nightmarezone/NightmareZonePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.nightmarezone.NightmareZonePlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/DCNamedQuantity.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCNamedQuantity
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/FixedWidthPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.FixedWidthPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/MusicClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.MusicClue
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/messages/TilePing.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.messages.TilePing
net/runelite/client/plugins/tithefarm/TitheFarmPlantOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tithefarm.TitheFarmPlantOverlay
net/runelite/client/util/SwingUtil.java
 net.runelite.client.util.SwingUtil
 net.runelite.client.util.SwingUtil$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/gargoyles/GargoylesOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.gargoyles.GargoylesOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/implings/ImplingMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.implings.ImplingMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/specialcounter/SpecialCounterUpdate.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.specialcounter.SpecialCounterUpdate
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/LocalPlayerStatus/LocalPlayerStatusService.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.LocalPlayerStatus.LocalPlayerStatusService
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangeOffersPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeOffersPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/config/ColorBlindMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.config.ColorBlindMode
net/runelite/client/task/ScheduledMethod.java
 net.runelite.client.task.ScheduledMethod
net/runelite/client/RuneLiteProperties.java
 net.runelite.client.RuneLiteProperties
com/openosrs/client/game/Sound.java
 com.openosrs.client.game.Sound
 com.openosrs.client.game.Sound$SoundFileResource
 com.openosrs.client.game.Sound$SoundJarResource
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/MapClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.MapClue
net/runelite/client/discord/events/DiscordJoinRequest.java
 net.runelite.client.discord.events.DiscordJoinRequest
net/runelite/client/plugins/tithefarm/TitheFarmPlantType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tithefarm.TitheFarmPlantType
net/runelite/client/plugins/customcursor/CustomCursor.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.customcursor.CustomCursor
net/runelite/client/plugins/poison/PoisonOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.poison.PoisonOverlay
com/openosrs/client/game/CombatStats.java
 com.openosrs.client.game.CombatStats
net/runelite/client/plugins/examine/PendingExamine.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.examine.PendingExamine
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/SceneOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.SceneOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/ShellFrame.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.ShellFrame
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.ShellFrame$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatchannel/MemberActivity.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatchannel.MemberActivity
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatchannel.MemberActivity$ChatType
com/openosrs/client/util/WeaponMap.java
 com.openosrs.client.util.WeaponMap
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/PluginListItem.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginListItem
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginListItem$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginListItem$1$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginListItem$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/dpscounter/DpsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.dpscounter.DpsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcnpchighlight/MemorizedNpc.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcnpchighlight.MemorizedNpc
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/ClueScrollWorldOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.ClueScrollWorldOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/groundmarkers/ColorTileMarker.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.groundmarkers.ColorTileMarker
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/KandarinDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.KandarinDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/util/AsyncBufferedImage.java
 net.runelite.client.util.AsyncBufferedImage
net/runelite/client/plugins/randomevents/RandomEventPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.randomevents.RandomEventPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/barbarianassault/BarbarianAssaultPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barbarianassault.BarbarianAssaultPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/npchighlight/NpcMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npchighlight.NpcMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/GroundItemsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItemsOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.GroundItemsOverlay$1
net/runelite/client/events/PartyChanged.java
 net.runelite.client.events.PartyChanged
net/runelite/client/plugins/cooking/CookingOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cooking.CookingOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/bank/BankSearch.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.bank.BankSearch
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/LootType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.LootType
net/runelite/client/plugins/experiencedrop/XpDropConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.experiencedrop.XpDropConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/implings/ImplingSpawn.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.implings.ImplingSpawn
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/leftclickcast/LeftClickCast.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.leftclickcast.LeftClickCast
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.leftclickcast.LeftClickCast$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.leftclickcast.LeftClickCast$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.leftclickcast.LeftClickCast$3
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.leftclickcast.LeftClickCast$4
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.leftclickcast.LeftClickCast$5
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.leftclickcast.LeftClickCast$6
net/runelite/client/plugins/entityhider/EntityHiderConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.entityhider.EntityHiderConfig
net/runelite/client/config/RuneLiteConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.config.RuneLiteConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/stretchedmode/TranslateMouseWheelListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.stretchedmode.TranslateMouseWheelListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/groundmarkers/GroundMarkerConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.groundmarkers.GroundMarkerConfig
com/openosrs/client/util/WeaponSpeedMap.java
 net.runelite.client.util.WeaponSpeedMap
net/runelite/client/input/MouseManager.java
 net.runelite.client.input.MouseManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/KourendTaskLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.KourendTaskLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcplayerindicators/DCPlayerIndicatorsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcplayerindicators.DCPlayerIndicatorsOverlay
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcplayerindicators.DCPlayerIndicatorsOverlay$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/special/CastleWarsBandage.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.special.CastleWarsBandage
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/PuzzleSolverConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.PuzzleSolverConfig
com/openosrs/client/events/OPRSPluginChanged.java
 com.openosrs.client.events.OPRSPluginChanged
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/misc/Blank.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.misc.Blank
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/ConfigPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.ConfigPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.ConfigPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.ConfigPanel$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.ConfigPanel$3
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.ConfigPanel$4
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.ConfigPanel$5
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.ConfigPanel$6
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.ConfigPanel$7
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/MorytaniaDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.MorytaniaDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/OPRSExternalPluginManager.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.OPRSExternalPluginManager
 net.runelite.client.plugins.OPRSExternalPluginManager$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/combatlevel/CombatLevelConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.combatlevel.CombatLevelConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/fishing/FishingConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fishing.FishingConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/QuestRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.QuestRequirement
net/runelite/client/chat/CommandManager.java
 net.runelite.client.chat.CommandManager
 net.runelite.client.chat.CommandManager$1
 net.runelite.client.chat.CommandManager$2
net/runelite/client/rs/WorldSupplier.java
 net.runelite.client.rs.WorldSupplier
net/runelite/client/plugins/music/MusicConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.music.MusicConfig
net/runelite/client/config/TooltipPositionType.java
 net.runelite.client.config.TooltipPositionType
net/runelite/client/plugins/woodcutting/TreeRespawn.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.woodcutting.TreeRespawn
net/runelite/client/plugins/tearsofguthix/TearsOfGuthixOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tearsofguthix.TearsOfGuthixOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/InventoryLogNode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.InventoryLogNode
net/runelite/client/game/ItemManager.java
 net.runelite.client.game.ItemManager
 net.runelite.client.game.ItemManager$1
 net.runelite.client.game.ItemManager$2
 net.runelite.client.game.ItemManager$3
 net.runelite.client.game.ItemManager$ImageKey
 net.runelite.client.game.ItemManager$OutlineKey
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/data/PartyTilePingData.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.data.PartyTilePingData
com/openosrs/client/game/PlayerManager.java
 com.openosrs.client.game.PlayerManager
net/runelite/client/eventbus/Subscribe.java
 net.runelite.client.eventbus.Subscribe
net/runelite/client/plugins/bosstimer/RespawnTimer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.bosstimer.RespawnTimer
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/potions/GauntletPotion.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.potions.GauntletPotion
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/alchemy/AlchemyRoom.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.alchemy.AlchemyRoom
net/runelite/client/plugins/motherlode/MotherlodePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.motherlode.MotherlodePlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/wiki/WikiSearchChatboxTextInput.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wiki.WikiSearchChatboxTextInput
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wiki.WikiSearchChatboxTextInput$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wiki.WikiSearchChatboxTextInput$1$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/herbiboars/HerbiboarPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.herbiboars.HerbiboarPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.herbiboars.HerbiboarPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/chat/ChatMessageManager.java
 net.runelite.client.chat.ChatMessageManager
 net.runelite.client.chat.ChatMessageManager$1
net/runelite/client/util/WorldUtil.java
 net.runelite.client.util.WorldUtil
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/FarmingContractManager.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingContractManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/antidrag/AntiDragPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.antidrag.AntiDragPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/herbiboars/HerbiboarRule.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.herbiboars.HerbiboarRule
net/runelite/client/plugins/loginscreen/LoginScreenConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loginscreen.LoginScreenConfig
net/runelite/client/ws/PartyMember.java
 net.runelite.client.ws.PartyMember
net/runelite/client/plugins/bank/BankConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.bank.BankConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/corp/CorpDamageOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.corp.CorpDamageOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/skilling/Bones.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.skilling.Bones
net/runelite/client/ui/components/DimmableJPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.DimmableJPanel
net/runelite/client/game/chatbox/ChatboxInput.java
 net.runelite.client.game.chatbox.ChatboxInput
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/InventoryDeltaPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.InventoryDeltaPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.InventoryDeltaPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.InventoryDeltaPanel$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/CacheSkillData.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.CacheSkillData
net/runelite/client/rs/RSConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.rs.RSConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/kourendlibrary/KourendLibraryOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.KourendLibraryOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/components/shadowlabel/JShadowedLabel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.shadowlabel.JShadowedLabel
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/DungeonLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.DungeonLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/autoprayflick/AutoPrayFlickOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.autoprayflick.AutoPrayFlickOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/runecraft/RunecraftConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runecraft.RunecraftConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/SavedOffer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.SavedOffer
net/runelite/client/plugins/banktags/TagManager.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.TagManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/openosrs/externals/ExternalPluginManagerPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.ExternalPluginManagerPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.ExternalPluginManagerPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.ExternalPluginManagerPanel$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/npcunaggroarea/NpcAggroAreaOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npcunaggroarea.NpcAggroAreaOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangeItems.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeItems
net/runelite/client/plugins/wiki/WikiPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wiki.WikiPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.wiki.WikiPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/ShiftDepositMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.ShiftDepositMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/hunter/BirdHouseTabPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.hunter.BirdHouseTabPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.hunter.BirdHouseTabPanel$1
net/runelite/client/externalplugins/ExternalPluginClassLoader.java
 net.runelite.client.externalplugins.ExternalPluginClassLoader
net/runelite/client/util/OSType.java
 net.runelite.client.util.OSType
net/runelite/client/plugins/driftnet/DriftNet.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.driftnet.DriftNet
net/runelite/client/util/ImageUtil.java
 net.runelite.client.util.ImageUtil
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/ClueScrollOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.ClueScrollOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/bosstimer/Boss.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.bosstimer.Boss
net/runelite/client/discord/events/DiscordReady.java
 net.runelite.client.discord.events.DiscordReady
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemidentification/ItemIdentificationMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemidentification.ItemIdentificationMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/timestamp/TimestampPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timestamp.TimestampPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/nightmarezone/NightmareZoneConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.nightmarezone.NightmareZoneConfig
net/runelite/client/externalplugins/ExternalPluginClient.java
 net.runelite.client.externalplugins.ExternalPluginClient
 net.runelite.client.externalplugins.ExternalPluginClient$1
 net.runelite.client.externalplugins.ExternalPluginClient$2
 net.runelite.client.externalplugins.ExternalPluginClient$3
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenmarkers/ui/ScreenMarkerPluginPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPluginPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ui.ScreenMarkerPluginPanel$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/fishing/FishingOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fishing.FishingOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/xpglobes/XpGlobesOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xpglobes.XpGlobesOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/inventoryviewer/InventoryViewerOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.inventoryviewer.InventoryViewerOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastmine/BlastMineRockType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastmine.BlastMineRockType
net/runelite/client/plugins/groundmarkers/GroundMarkerSharingManager.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.groundmarkers.GroundMarkerSharingManager
 net.runelite.client.plugins.groundmarkers.GroundMarkerSharingManager$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/data/PartyData.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.data.PartyData
net/runelite/client/plugins/notes/NotesPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.notes.NotesPlugin
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/LineComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.LineComponent
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.LineComponent$LineComponentBuilder
net/runelite/client/game/AlternateSprites.java
 net.runelite.client.game.AlternateSprites
net/runelite/client/plugins/banktags/BankTag.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.BankTag
net/runelite/client/plugins/experiencedrop/PrayerType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.experiencedrop.PrayerType
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/clocks/Timer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.Timer
net/runelite/client/ui/components/ThinProgressBar.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.ThinProgressBar
net/runelite/client/plugins/herbiboars/HerbiboarMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.herbiboars.HerbiboarMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/DevToolsFrame.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.DevToolsFrame
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.DevToolsFrame$1
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/OverlayRenderer.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayRenderer
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayRenderer$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/OverviewTabPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.OverviewTabPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.OverviewTabPanel$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpPauseStateSingle.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpPauseStateSingle
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpPauseStateSingle$XpPauseReason
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/DevToolsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.DevToolsPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/CombatLevelRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.CombatLevelRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/BeginnerMapClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.BeginnerMapClue
net/runelite/client/plugins/corp/CorpPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.corp.CorpPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/InventoryTreeNode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.InventoryTreeNode
net/runelite/client/plugins/npcunaggroarea/NpcAggroAreaPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npcunaggroarea.NpcAggroAreaPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npcunaggroarea.NpcAggroAreaPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/PartyConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.PartyConfig
net/runelite/client/util/GameEventManager.java
 net.runelite.client.util.GameEventManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/WorldMapPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.WorldMapPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.WorldMapPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/config/PriceDisplayMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.config.PriceDisplayMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/twitch/irc/Message.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.twitch.irc.Message
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/MovementFlag.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.MovementFlag
net/runelite/client/plugins/instancemap/InstanceMapInputListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.instancemap.InstanceMapInputListener
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/ImageComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.ImageComponent
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/emote/Emote.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.emote.Emote
net/runelite/client/plugins/boosts/BoostIndicator.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.boosts.BoostIndicator
net/runelite/client/plugins/kourendlibrary/BookPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.BookPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/ClueScrollEmoteOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.ClueScrollEmoteOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/entityhider/EntityHiderPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.entityhider.EntityHiderPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/TransportationPointLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.TransportationPointLocation
net/runelite/client/rs/TeeInputStream.java
 net.runelite.client.rs.TeeInputStream
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/PuzzleSolverPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.PuzzleSolverPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/switches/SpecialCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.switches.SpecialCounter
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/magic/MagicOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.magic.MagicOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/nightmarezone/NightmareZoneOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.nightmarezone.NightmareZoneOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/PartyPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.PartyPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/FarmingNextTickPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingNextTickPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/ammo/AmmoPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.ammo.AmmoPlugin
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/RenderableEntity.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.RenderableEntity
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/GroundItem.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.GroundItem
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.GroundItem$GroundItemBuilder
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.GroundItem$GroundItemKey
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/WorldMapLocationOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.WorldMapLocationOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/charge/ChargeOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.charge.ChargeOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/LocationsClueScroll.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.LocationsClueScroll
net/runelite/client/input/KeyListener.java
 net.runelite.client.input.KeyListener
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/BackgroundComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.BackgroundComponent
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/RaidsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RaidsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RaidsPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RaidsPlugin$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/blueDragon/BlueDragonConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.blueDragon.BlueDragonConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/OPRSExternalPluginClasspath.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.OPRSExternalPluginClasspath
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/StatBoost.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.StatBoost
net/runelite/client/plugins/objectindicators/ObjectPoint.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.objectindicators.ObjectPoint
net/runelite/client/plugins/pestcontrol/PortalContext.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.pestcontrol.PortalContext
net/runelite/client/plugins/dpscounter/DpsUpdate.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.dpscounter.DpsUpdate
net/runelite/client/plugins/dpscounter/DpsMember.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.dpscounter.DpsMember
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/FaloTheBardClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.FaloTheBardClue
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastmine/BlastMineRock.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastmine.BlastMineRock
net/runelite/client/plugins/interfacestyles/SpriteOverride.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.interfacestyles.SpriteOverride
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/OverlayMenuEntry.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayMenuEntry
net/runelite/client/game/chatbox/ChatboxTextInput.java
 net.runelite.client.game.chatbox.ChatboxTextInput
 net.runelite.client.game.chatbox.ChatboxTextInput$Line
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastmine/BlastMinePluginConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastmine.BlastMinePluginConfig
net/runelite/client/chat/ChatboxInputListener.java
 net.runelite.client.chat.ChatboxInputListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/clocks/ClockTabPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.ClockTabPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/lightbox/LightboxSolver.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.lightbox.LightboxSolver
net/runelite/client/plugins/skybox/SkyboxPluginConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skybox.SkyboxPluginConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpTrackerService.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpTrackerService
net/runelite/client/ui/components/ComboBoxListRenderer.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.ComboBoxListRenderer
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpTrackerPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpTrackerPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpTrackerPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/fightcaves/CavesOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.fightcaves.CavesOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/gargoyles/GargoylesConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.gargoyles.GargoylesConfig
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigGroup.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigGroup
net/runelite/client/plugins/bank/ContainerPrices.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.bank.ContainerPrices
net/runelite/client/game/ItemMapping.java
 net.runelite.client.game.ItemMapping
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/potions/SaradominBrew.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.potions.SaradominBrew
net/runelite/client/plugins/groundmarkers/GroundMarkerPoint.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.groundmarkers.GroundMarkerPoint
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/Food.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.Food
net/runelite/client/plugins/implings/Impling.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.implings.Impling
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgroundmarkers/DCGroundMarkerPoint.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgroundmarkers.DCGroundMarkerPoint
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/OverlayLayer.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayLayer
net/runelite/client/plugins/implings/ImplingsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.implings.ImplingsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.implings.ImplingsPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/tithefarm/TitheFarmPluginConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tithefarm.TitheFarmPluginConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/graveyard/GraveyardRoom.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.graveyard.GraveyardRoom
net/runelite/client/plugins/banktags/BankTagsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.BankTagsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldhopper/RegionFilterMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.RegionFilterMode
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.RegionFilterMode$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldhopper.RegionFilterMode$2
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/ProgressPieComponent.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.ProgressPieComponent
net/runelite/client/plugins/poh/PohConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.poh.PohConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/kourendlibrary/Book.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.Book
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/ClueScrollService.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.ClueScrollService
net/runelite/client/plugins/barbarianassault/TimerOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.barbarianassault.TimerOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/xptracker/XpProgressBarLabel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xptracker.XpProgressBarLabel
net/runelite/client/plugins/runepouch/Runes.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runepouch.Runes
net/runelite/client/plugins/runenergy/RunEnergyConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runenergy.RunEnergyConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/template/Template.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.template.Template
net/runelite/client/plugins/kourendlibrary/KourendLibraryPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.KourendLibraryPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcnpchighlight/DCNpcIndicatorsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcnpchighlight.DCNpcIndicatorsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/skilling/Tiara.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.skilling.Tiara
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatchannel/MemberJoinMessage.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatchannel.MemberJoinMessage
com/openosrs/client/events/AttackStyleChanged.java
 com.openosrs.client.events.AttackStyleChanged
net/runelite/client/plugins/virtuallevels/VirtualLevelsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.virtuallevels.VirtualLevelsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/hotcold/HotColdLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.hotcold.HotColdLocation
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.hotcold.HotColdLocation$HotColdType
net/runelite/client/ui/ClientToolbar.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.ClientToolbar
net/runelite/client/plugins/inventorytags/InventoryTagsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.inventorytags.InventoryTagsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/combatlevel/CombatLevelOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.combatlevel.CombatLevelOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/slayer/SlayerConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.slayer.SlayerConfig
net/runelite/client/util/ImageCapture.java
 net.runelite.client.util.ImageCapture
 net.runelite.client.util.ImageCapture$1
 net.runelite.client.util.ImageCapture$ImageUploadRequest
 net.runelite.client.util.ImageCapture$ImageUploadResponse
 net.runelite.client.util.ImageCapture$ImageUploadResponse$Data
com/openosrs/client/game/NPCStats.java
 com.openosrs.client.game.NPCStats
 com.openosrs.client.game.NPCStats$1
 com.openosrs.client.game.NPCStats$Builder
net/runelite/client/plugins/team/MembersIndicator.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.team.MembersIndicator
net/runelite/client/ui/ContainableFrame.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.ContainableFrame
 net.runelite.client.ui.ContainableFrame$Mode
net/runelite/client/plugins/blastfurnace/BlastFurnaceCofferOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.blastfurnace.BlastFurnaceCofferOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatnotifications/ChatNotificationsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatnotifications.ChatNotificationsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/keyremapping/KeyRemappingPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.keyremapping.KeyRemappingPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/idlenotifier/IdleNotifierConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.idlenotifier.IdleNotifierConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/info/InfoPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.info.InfoPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.info.InfoPanel$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/poison/PoisonPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.poison.PoisonPlugin
net/runelite/client/util/JagexPrintableCharMatcher.java
 net.runelite.client.util.JagexPrintableCharMatcher
net/runelite/client/plugins/mining/RockRespawn.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.RockRespawn
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/RunecraftingAltarLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.RunecraftingAltarLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/DCWildcardMatchLoader.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCWildcardMatchLoader
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcplayerindicators/DCPlayerNameLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcplayerindicators.DCPlayerNameLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/twitch/irc/TwitchIRCClient.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.twitch.irc.TwitchIRCClient
net/runelite/client/plugins/fishing/FishingSpotMinimapOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fishing.FishingSpotMinimapOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/PatchState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchState
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchState$1
net/runelite/client/ClassPreloader.java
 net.runelite.client.ClassPreloader
net/runelite/client/plugins/opponentinfo/PlayerComparisonOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.opponentinfo.PlayerComparisonOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/skilling/DarkEssence.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.skilling.DarkEssence
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/HouseAdvertisementMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.HouseAdvertisementMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/ClueScrollMusicOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.ClueScrollMusicOverlay
net/runelite/client/config/Keybind.java
 net.runelite.client.config.Keybind
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/DiaryRequirementsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.DiaryRequirementsPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/kourendlibrary/KourendLibraryPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.KourendLibraryPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/pestcontrol/Rotation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.pestcontrol.Rotation
net/runelite/client/plugins/herbiboars/TrailToSpot.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.herbiboars.TrailToSpot
net/runelite/client/task/Schedule.java
 net.runelite.client.task.Schedule
net/runelite/client/plugins/devtools/WidgetInfoTableModel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.devtools.WidgetInfoTableModel
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/MiningSiteLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.MiningSiteLocation
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.MiningSiteLocation$Ore
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.MiningSiteLocation$Rock
net/runelite/client/plugins/mousehighlight/MouseHighlightPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mousehighlight.MouseHighlightPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/Effect.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.Effect
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/DCGroundItemInputListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.DCGroundItemInputListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/HotkeyButton.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.HotkeyButton
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.HotkeyButton$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.HotkeyButton$2
net/runelite/client/ui/components/shadowlabel/JShadowedLabelUI.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.components.shadowlabel.JShadowedLabelUI
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/SearchablePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.SearchablePlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/xpglobes/XpGlobe.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xpglobes.XpGlobe
net/runelite/client/plugins/xpglobes/XpGlobesConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xpglobes.XpGlobesConfig
net/runelite/client/ui/FontManager.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.FontManager
net/runelite/client/config/FontType.java
 net.runelite.client.config.FontType
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/Requirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.Requirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/pyramidplunder/PyramidPlunderOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.pyramidplunder.PyramidPlunderOverlay
net/runelite/client/discord/events/DiscordJoinGame.java
 net.runelite.client.discord.events.DiscordJoinGame
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/QuestStartLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.QuestStartLocation
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/PluginConfigurationDescriptor.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginConfigurationDescriptor
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/HotColdClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.HotColdClue
net/runelite/client/plugins/team/TeamCapesOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.team.TeamCapesOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/infobox/InfoBox.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.infobox.InfoBox
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/SkillCalculatorPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.SkillCalculatorPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/Swap.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.Swap
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/WidgetItemOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.WidgetItemOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/LumbridgeDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.LumbridgeDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/hiscore/HiscorePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hiscore.HiscorePlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.hiscore.HiscorePlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgrounditems/config/DespawnTimerMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgrounditems.config.DespawnTimerMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/ArdougneDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.ArdougneDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatfilter/ChatFilterPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatfilter.ChatFilterPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatfilter.ChatFilterPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatfilter.ChatFilterPlugin$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatfilter.ChatFilterPlugin$Duplicate
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/UIActionSlot.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.UIActionSlot
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.UIActionSlot$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/FarmingContractInfoBox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingContractInfoBox
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingContractInfoBox$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcnpchighlight/DCNpcSceneOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcnpchighlight.DCNpcSceneOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/LocalPlayerStatus/PlayerNameLocationn.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.LocalPlayerStatus.PlayerNameLocationn
net/runelite/client/plugins/mta/MTARoom.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mta.MTARoom
net/runelite/client/events/XpDropEvent.java
 net.runelite.client.events.XpDropEvent
net/runelite/client/plugins/config/PluginListPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginListPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginListPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.config.PluginListPanel$2
net/runelite/client/ui/ColorScheme.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.ColorScheme
net/runelite/client/plugins/fps/FpsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fps.FpsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/hunter/BirdHouseData.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.hunter.BirdHouseData
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/ItemStatChangesServiceImpl.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.ItemStatChangesServiceImpl
com/openosrs/client/util/WeaponStyle.java
 com.openosrs.client.util.WeaponStyle
net/runelite/client/plugins/fps/FpsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fps.FpsPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/npcunaggroarea/NpcAggroAreaConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npcunaggroarea.NpcAggroAreaConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/Builders.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.Builders
net/runelite/client/plugins/woodcutting/WoodcuttingConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.woodcutting.WoodcuttingConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/agility/AgilityOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.agility.AgilityOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/DesertDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.DesertDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/puzzlesolver/solver/PuzzleSwapPattern.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.puzzlesolver.solver.PuzzleSwapPattern
net/runelite/client/plugins/motherlode/MotherlodeSession.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.motherlode.MotherlodeSession
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/PartyStatsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.PartyStatsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/boosts/StatChangeIndicator.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.boosts.StatChangeIndicator
net/runelite/client/plugins/worldmap/MinigameLocation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.worldmap.MinigameLocation
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/infobox/InfoBoxManager.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.infobox.InfoBoxManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/grounditems/ItemThreshold.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.ItemThreshold
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grounditems.ItemThreshold$Inequality
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/PatchImplementation.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$10
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$11
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$12
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$13
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$14
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$15
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$16
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$17
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$18
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$19
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$20
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$21
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$22
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$3
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$4
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$5
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$6
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$7
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$8
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.PatchImplementation$9
net/runelite/client/plugins/minimap/MinimapDot.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.minimap.MinimapDot
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/solver/Room.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.solver.Room
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/EmoteClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.EmoteClue
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatfilter/ChatFilterConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatfilter.ChatFilterConfig
net/runelite/client/events/PluginChanged.java
 net.runelite.client.events.PluginChanged
net/runelite/client/plugins/loottracker/LootReceived.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.loottracker.LootReceived
net/runelite/client/plugins/xpglobes/XpGlobesPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xpglobes.XpGlobesPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.xpglobes.XpGlobesPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/tithefarm/TitheFarmPlant.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.tithefarm.TitheFarmPlant
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/food/Anglerfish.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.food.Anglerfish
net/runelite/client/plugins/boosts/BoostsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.boosts.BoostsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.boosts.BoostsPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/discord/DiscordState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordState
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordState$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordState$EventWithTime
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/MenuEntrySwapperConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.MenuEntrySwapperConfig
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.MenuEntrySwapperConfig$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.MenuEntrySwapperConfig$ArdougneCloakMode
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.MenuEntrySwapperConfig$KaramjaGlovesMode
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.MenuEntrySwapperConfig$MorytaniaLegsMode
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.MenuEntrySwapperConfig$RadasBlessingMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/openosrs/externals/PluginsPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.PluginsPanel
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.PluginsPanel$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.PluginsPanel$1$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.openosrs.externals.PluginsPanel$1$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/clocks/Clock.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.clocks.Clock
net/runelite/client/plugins/objectindicators/ColorTileObject.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.objectindicators.ColorTileObject
net/runelite/client/plugins/skillcalculator/SkillCalculator.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.SkillCalculator
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.SkillCalculator$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.SkillCalculator$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.SkillCalculator$3
 net.runelite.client.plugins.skillcalculator.SkillCalculator$4
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/FountainTrail.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.FountainTrail
net/runelite/client/plugins/poh/PohOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.poh.PohOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/kourendlibrary/KourendLibraryConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.KourendLibraryConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/dconeclick/comparables/skilling/Birdhouses.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.dconeclick.comparables.skilling.Birdhouses
net/runelite/client/plugins/friendnotes/FriendNotesPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.friendnotes.FriendNotesPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/timers/TeleportWidget.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timers.TeleportWidget
net/runelite/client/ui/DrawManager.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.DrawManager
net/runelite/client/plugins/boosts/BoostsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.boosts.BoostsOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/OverlayUtil.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayUtil
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.OverlayUtil$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/RaidsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.RaidsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcgroundmarkers/ColorTileMarker.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcgroundmarkers.ColorTileMarker
net/runelite/client/plugins/playerindicators/PlayerIndicatorsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.playerindicators.PlayerIndicatorsConfig
net/runelite/client/config/ExpandResizeType.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ExpandResizeType
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/TextureManager.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.TextureManager
net/runelite/client/config/RuneScapeProfile.java
 net.runelite.client.config.RuneScapeProfile
net/runelite/client/plugins/runenergy/RunEnergyPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runenergy.RunEnergyPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.runenergy.RunEnergyPlugin$GracefulEquipmentSlot
net/runelite/client/config/ModifierlessKeybind.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ModifierlessKeybind
net/runelite/client/events/ChatboxInput.java
 net.runelite.client.events.ChatboxInput
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/CrypticClue.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.CrypticClue
net/runelite/client/plugins/prayer/PrayerType.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.prayer.PrayerType
net/runelite/client/plugins/driftnet/DriftNetPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.driftnet.DriftNetPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.driftnet.DriftNetPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/charge/ChargePlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.charge.ChargePlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/fps/FpsOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.fps.FpsOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/slayer/DCSlayerOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.slayer.DCSlayerOverlay
net/runelite/client/ui/PluginPanel.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.PluginPanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/woodcutting/Tree.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.woodcutting.Tree
 net.runelite.client.plugins.woodcutting.Tree$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/item/AnyRequirementCollection.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.item.AnyRequirementCollection
net/runelite/client/plugins/specialcounter/SpecialCounter.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.specialcounter.SpecialCounter
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangeInputListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeInputListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/banktags/tabs/MenuIndexes.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.tabs.MenuIndexes
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.tabs.MenuIndexes$NewTab
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.tabs.MenuIndexes$Tab
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/FairyRingMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.FairyRingMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/discord/DiscordConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordConfig
 net.runelite.client.plugins.discord.DiscordConfig$ElapsedTimeType
net/runelite/client/plugins/timetracking/farming/FarmingWorld.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingWorld
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingWorld$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingWorld$2
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingWorld$3
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingWorld$4
 net.runelite.client.plugins.timetracking.farming.FarmingWorld$5
net/runelite/client/plugins/kourendlibrary/SolvedState.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.kourendlibrary.SolvedState
net/runelite/client/plugins/poh/IncenseBurner.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.poh.IncenseBurner
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatnotifications/ChatNotificationsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatnotifications.ChatNotificationsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatnotifications.ChatNotificationsPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/statusbars/Viewport.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.statusbars.Viewport
net/runelite/client/plugins/idlenotifier/IdleNotifierPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.idlenotifier.IdleNotifierPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.idlenotifier.IdleNotifierPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/util/RSTimeUnit.java
 net.runelite.client.util.RSTimeUnit
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/clues/emote/STASHUnit.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.clues.emote.STASHUnit
net/runelite/client/plugins/chatcommands/ChatCommandsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatcommands.ChatCommandsPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatcommands.ChatCommandsPlugin$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.chatcommands.ChatCommandsPlugin$HiscoreLookup
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangeOfferSlot.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeOfferSlot
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangeOfferSlot$1
net/runelite/client/util/WildcardMatcher.java
 net.runelite.client.util.WildcardMatcher
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/customswapper/CustomSwapperConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.customswapper.CustomSwapperConfig
net/runelite/client/game/WorldService.java
 net.runelite.client.game.WorldService
net/runelite/client/ui/overlay/components/ComponentOrientation.java
 net.runelite.client.ui.overlay.components.ComponentOrientation
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/PartyWorldMapPoint.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.PartyWorldMapPoint
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/utils/Tab.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.utils.Tab
net/runelite/client/plugins/slayer/SlayerPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.slayer.SlayerPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.slayer.SlayerPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/virtuallevels/VirtualLevelsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.virtuallevels.VirtualLevelsPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/mining/MiningOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.mining.MiningOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/GEItemCollectMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.GEItemCollectMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/cluescrolls/ClueScrollServiceImpl.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.cluescrolls.ClueScrollServiceImpl
net/runelite/client/plugins/emojis/EmojiPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.emojis.EmojiPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.emojis.EmojiPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/LocalPlayerStatus/LocalPlayerStatusPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.LocalPlayerStatus.LocalPlayerStatusPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/screenmarkers/ScreenMarkerMouseListener.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.screenmarkers.ScreenMarkerMouseListener
net/runelite/client/plugins/poh/PohPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.poh.PohPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/npchighlight/NpcIndicatorsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.npchighlight.NpcIndicatorsConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/grandexchange/GrandExchangePanel.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.grandexchange.GrandExchangePanel
net/runelite/client/plugins/gpu/GpuPluginConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.gpu.GpuPluginConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/raids/solver/Layout.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.raids.solver.Layout
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/dcnpchighlight/DCNpcIndicatorsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.dcnpchighlight.DCNpcIndicatorsPlugin
net/runelite/client/util/ExecutorServiceExceptionLogger.java
 net.runelite.client.util.ExecutorServiceExceptionLogger
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemidentification/ItemIdentificationPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemidentification.ItemIdentificationPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/instancemap/InstanceMapPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.instancemap.InstanceMapPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/menuentryswapper/SellMode.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.menuentryswapper.SellMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/deecat/externals/autoprayflick/AutoPrayFlickPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.deecat.externals.autoprayflick.AutoPrayFlickPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/achievementdiary/diaries/KaramjaDiaryRequirement.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.achievementdiary.diaries.KaramjaDiaryRequirement
net/runelite/client/plugins/OPRSExternalPf4jPluginManager.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.OPRSExternalPf4jPluginManager
 net.runelite.client.plugins.OPRSExternalPf4jPluginManager$1
 net.runelite.client.plugins.OPRSExternalPf4jPluginManager$2
net/runelite/client/plugins/implings/ImplingsConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.implings.ImplingsConfig
 net.runelite.client.plugins.implings.ImplingsConfig$ImplingMode
net/runelite/client/plugins/banktags/BankTagsPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.banktags.BankTagsPlugin
net/runelite/client/plugins/inventorygrid/InventoryGridOverlay.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.inventorygrid.InventoryGridOverlay
net/runelite/client/plugins/party/PartyRequestBox.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.party.PartyRequestBox
net/runelite/client/plugins/itemstats/delta/DeltaCalculator.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.itemstats.delta.DeltaCalculator
net/runelite/client/config/ConfigTitleDescriptor.java
 net.runelite.client.config.ConfigTitleDescriptor
net/runelite/client/menus/MenuManager.java
 net.runelite.client.menus.MenuManager
net/runelite/client/config/Units.java
 net.runelite.client.config.Units
